# Everything Horrible
Main event

[Back to event list](./../)

[Official event wiki page](https://lessonsinlove.wiki/index.php?title=Special%3ASearch&search=day128&go=Go)



## Event preconditions
✅Days since the start of the game greater than or equal to 128

✅Event "[Main: Reset](./day103.md)" is completed (event=day103)

✅Event "[Main: On The Bright Side](./day126.md)" is completed (event=day126)

❌Day of week is Friday



## Next events
* [Main: Erotic Game Protagonist](./day130.md)
* [Main: Tsuneyo Tojo, Stand-up Comedian](./day144.md)
* [Chinami: Chinami-Corp](./chinamidate5.md)

## Event properties
* ID: day128
* Group: Main
* Triggered by label: weekdaymorning
* Triggered by branch label: weekdaymorning

## Event code
File: \game\script.rpy
Code:
```python
...
label day128:
    scene street_noon
    with dissolve
    play music "normalday.mp3"

    "Another day nears its end as I make my way down the streets of Kumon-mi."
    "Ami’s club is having a meeting today, so I’m walking back alone and looking for some way to kill time. "
    "Fortunately, it’s Friday, so I don’t have to worry about doing anything productive for at least two more days. "
    "With how shitty the weather’s been in terms of heat, though, part of me just wants to lock myself inside and wait for winter to arrive."
    "I wonder if this whole {i}world resetting{/i} thing means that I’m going to be trapped inside perpetual-summer for the rest of eternity?"
    "I sure hope not."
    "Summer fucking sucks and should go away."
    "Except for bathing suits. Those can stay."

    scene chikayumi1
    with dissolve

    c "Oh, hey! What are you doing over here, Sensei?"

    "I suddenly stumble across Chika and Yumi making their way home from[school]."
    "Well, Chika is making her way home from[school]. I don't even think Yumi has shown up since she stormed out of class the other day."

    scene chikayumi2
    with dissolve

    s "Hey, you two. I'm just...doing the same thing you're doing, I guess- heading home after a long day of working hard and preparing you for the outside world."
    y "Yeah, that sounded believable."
    c "No plans for the rest of the day?"
    s "Nothing in particular. How about you guys?"

    scene chikayumi3
    with dissolve

    c "Well, I obvs can't speak for Yumi, but I’ve got a night shift later."
    c "So, the two of us were just gonna walk back to my place and she was gonna look after Chinami while I go rake in that sweet minimum wage."
    s "Is it really okay for Chinami to be alone so often?"

    scene chikayumi4
    with dissolve

    c "Yeah, she’s totally fine. She spends the day alone whenever Yumi and I both come to school anyway. I just hate putting her through that."
    c "I’d be crazy bored if I were stuck inside the house for that long. It's just kind of in my nature to always be doing stuff, I guess."
    s "Yeah well, I wouldn't expect anything different from the social butterfly of the class."

    scene chikayumi5
    with dissolve

    c "Aww, you’re comparing me to a butterfly now? That’s so sweet~"
    c "But now I have to think about what sort of animal I'd compare you-"
    y "Oh, give it a fuckin’ rest already."

    scene chikayumi6
    with dissolve

    c "Oh. Sorry, Yumi. I apologize for having fun without you."
    y "Ain't somethin' to apologize for. I'm just fucking fed up with hearing everybody say all this nice shit about him all the time."

    scene chikayumi7
    with dissolve

    c "Uhhh...I don’t really know what’s going on, but it’s, like...way rude to talk about somebody like that when they’re right in front of you."
    s "Yumi’s got a point, Chika. I’m really not as great as you make me out to be."

    scene chikayumi8
    with dissolve

    c "What are you talking about? You’re the best teacher I’ve ever had."
    s "Thanks for that. But if there was any amount of truth to it, the girl beside you would be coming to[school] every day."
    y "I’ve got a name, douchebag. Don’t just fuckin’ call me ‘the girl.’ Shit’s degrading as fuck."

    scene chikayumi10
    with dissolve

    c "Yeah, so like...I wasn’t trying to start something between you two, so...can we maybe try to tone it down a little bit?"
    c "I love both of you guys and I’d like, mega appreciate it if we could all just be friends and...you know, {i}not{/i} curse at each other in public."
    s "Fine by me. I like both of you as well."

    scene chikayumi11
    with dissolve

    y "Yeah. Right."
    y "Like I'm going to believe that."
    c "Okay, seriously...what is going on with you all of a sudden? You were fine like, two minutes ago. What the Hell happened within that time?"
    y "Nothing happened. Nothing ever happens."
    y "Just keep fuckin’ chattin’ up a storm over there and I’ll go back to bein’ the third wheel."
    c "How are you a third wheel? You came all the way to[school] to meet me. It’s not like I’m gonna ignore you just ‘cause Sensei is here now."
    s "Should I maybe leave the two of you alone? I can’t help but feel like my presence isn’t entirely wanted here."

    scene chikayumi12
    with dissolve

    c "No, don't leave just yet!"
    c "In fact, while you're here, I think the two of you should make up or...settle your differences or whatever so we can all walk back to my place together."

    scene chikayumi13
    with dissolve

    y "What?! Are you kidding?!"
    y "You’re really gonna show this guy where Chinami lives? Doesn’t that horrify you?"
    c "Of course not. Sensei’s already been over before."

    scene chikayumi14
    with hpunch

    y "You let him inside?! Are you out of your mind?!"
    s "Okay, you know what? I’m just gonna-"

    scene chikayumi15
    with dissolve

    c "Oh, no you don’t, mister! You’re not going anywhere. Not until I'm confident that you don't want to kill each other anymore."
    s "I've never wanted to-"
    y "Save your fucking breath, asshole. There ain't no convincing her when she gets like this. Just gotta sit back and wait for whatever lame ass plan she comes up with."
    c "My {i}lame ass plan{/i} is that the three of us are going out for dinner."

    scene chikayumi16
    with dissolve

    y "Dude, don’t you have like...work and shit, though?"
    c "…"
    c "Okay, change of plans."
    c "The two of {i}you{/i} are going out for dinner together."
    y "…"
    s "…"

    scene chikayumi17
    with dissolve

    y "That was a joke, right?"
    c "..."
    y "Chika, please tell me that was a joke."
    c "It was not a joke, Yumi. There’s a place not far from my apartment where the two of you are going to hang out and talk about your feelings."
    y "Feelings? From this guy? Do you actually think he has any?"
    s "I mean, I’m okay with it if Yumi is."

    scene chikayumi18
    with dissolve

    y "Does it look like I’m fucking okay with it?!"
    s "It does not."
    c "It doesn’t matter if she’s okay with it. She’s going whether she likes it or not and that's final."

    scene chikayumi19
    with dissolve

    y "Who the fuck is gonna watch your sister, then?! You really gonna call out of work just so me and Professor Cockmunch can pretend to talk about our feelings together?"
    c "I don’t have to leave for work right away. And even if I do, Chinami will be fine for another few minutes."
    c "As long as she’s not going to sleep alone, it’s cool."
    c "Now stop complaining and let’s go. We've gotten sidetracked enough and I don't want to waste any more of Sensei's time."
    y "What the fuck is happening to you?..."

    scene black
    with dissolve2

    "And so the three of us embark on the long journey to the second half of town."
    "Chika remains in the middle at all times, trying to force out a conversation from Yumi, but it’s clear that she’s not going to comply until she gets another apology from me."
    "Is all of this really happening just because I commented on her self-control the other day?...Or is this still about what happened before that?"
    "Because sometimes, it feels like her default state is just hating my guts."
    "And I'm not saying I don't deserve it. I do."
    "It's just...exhausting sometimes."
    "………"
    "……"
    "…"

    scene ramenyumi1
    with dissolve2

    c "Okay. We’re here."
    y "Are you kidding? This place looks sketchy as shit!"
    s "Yeah, I’m actually with Yumi on this one. Not exactly a great spot to set up a ramen shop."

    scene ramenyumi2
    with dissolve

    c "Mm!"

    "Chika doesn’t actually say anything to me. She just sort of growls and I manage to understand what she means."
    "Obviously, I’m perfectly fine going in there with Yumi. I’m not the one who needs convincing. "
    "This black-haired delinquent, on the other hand..."

    y "I’m not even fucking hungry!"

    scene ramenyumi1
    with dissolve

    c "You’re always hungry. You never eat."
    c "Besides, Sensei is buying your dinner, so it's not like you even have to worry about money."
    s "Wait, I am?"

    scene ramenyumi2
    with dissolve

    c "Mm!"
    s "Okay. Got it."

    scene ramenyumi3
    with dissolve

    c "Yumi, I don’t know what your deal is because you refuse to ever {i}talk{/i} to me...but you are going in there and settling your differences with each other. That is final."
    y "The fuck is going on with you lately? Do you really care about this guy that much?"
    c "It has nothing to do with how much I care about him. This is about you."

    if bonus == True:
        y "I didn’t even do anything, though! I just don’t want to spend all of my free time around some dude who’s willing to fuck anything that moves."
    else:
        y "I didn’t even do anything, though! I just don’t want to spend all of my free time around some dude who is literally obsessed with hugging."
        s "I mean...I wouldn't say {i}obsessed{/i}..."

    c "Sensei isn’t like that."
    c "You probably won't get this because you’ve never been in a relationship, but-"

    scene ramenyumi4
    with dissolve

    y "Neither have you!"
    c "We’re not talking about me right now!"
    c "All I’m saying is that Sensei is a really good guy if you actually give him a chance!"
    c "And even if you two {i}don’t{/i} make up in there, would it really kill you to give it a shot?"

    scene ramenyumi6
    with dissolve
    stop music fadeout 15.0

    c "I’ll be at my place for the next thirty minutes or so while I get ready. So at least {i}try{/i} to talk about whatever the hell is going on, okay?"
    y "Seriously?..."
    c "Seriously."

    scene ramenyumi7
    with dissolve

    s "..."
    y "..."
    y "Ugh...fine."
    y "Let’s just get this over with..."

    scene ramenyumi8
    with dissolve

    "Yumi opens the door to the ramen shop and the strong scent of pork broth suddenly crosses my path."
    "I wasn’t hungry moments ago, but now I’m prepared to devour nearly everything on the menu."

    c "Listen..."
    c "I have no idea what happened between you two...but try to be nice to her, okay?"
    c "She only gets this angry when she’s feeling vulnerable, so one wrong move might make her snap."
    c "I’ll be less than a mile away in case anything goes wrong. You know where to find me."
    s "Got it..."
    s "Thanks for setting this up, Chika. I’m admittedly not great when it comes to fixing things like this."
    c "Don’t worry about it, Sensei. You can make it up to me by just being nice to Yumi, okay?"
    s "And if she doesn't let me?"

    scene ramenyumi9
    with dissolve

    c "Then you figure it out."
    c "You're smart, aren't you? I'm sure there's something you can do to make her realize you're not her enemy."
    c "And hey, even if you can't, trying is good enough for me."

    scene black
    with dissolve2

    "Chika and I say our goodbyes and I firmly believe she is putting too much faith in me."
    "Regardless, I do as I'm told and make my way into the ramen shop as well..."
    "………"
    "……"
    "…"

    scene ramenyumi10
    with dissolve2
    play music "kashiwagi.mp3"

    y "…"
    s "…"

    "Yumi and I sit at the counter of an unfamiliar business, overcome by the awkward silence filling in the blanks between us."
    "The sizzling of yakitori and scattered sounds of a dishwashing hose make me all too aware of how hard it is to talk to her."
    "Before long, a girl around the same age as her approaches."

    rg "Welcome to Tojo Ramen."
    rg "Please take your time looking over the menu and let me know if you have any questions."
    s "Sure, thanks..."
    rg "You are welcome."
    rg "I will now return to the kitchen and pretend that I do not hear what you two talk about."

    "The girl disappears through a curtain and, seconds later, the sounds of the dishwashing hose come back in full force."

    y "…"
    s "…"
    s "Yumi, I-"
    y "The cafe called me."
    s "...Oh?"
    y "I didn’t get the job."
    y "Something about not having enough hours to give out or some bullshit. I don’t know."
    s "When did this happen?"
    y "A few days ago."
    s "I see..."
    s "Is {i}that{/i} why you’ve been in an even worse mood than normal lately?"

    scene ramenyumi11
    with dissolve

    y "I don’t fucking know, man."
    y "There are plenty of reasons to be in a bad mood."
    y "Being forced to come out here with you is just another one of them."

    "Maybe I should bring up the comment I made the other day in class?"
    "It might be good to...push this chance and try to get her to open up while I still have it."

    s "Did the thing I said about you having a self-control problem add to that?"
    y "You tell me, smartass."

    if bonus == True:
        y "Imagine somebody twice your size randomly stuck their tongue down your throat and then started telling {i}you{/i} you had issues."
    else:
        y "Imagine {i}you{/i} were allergic to hugs and somebody twice your size just decided to hug you anyway."

    y "How the fuck would you feel?"
    s "..."
    s "I’m sorry..."
    y "Yeah. You’ve already said that."
    y "And now you’re doing all this shit to try and make up for it and everything just feels fake as hell."
    y "You’re a shit human. And you know damn well that there isn’t any place out there that’s going to give me a chance. "
    y "So now, you’re taking advantage of me and buying me food and saying you’ll help me find a job and shit...but why?"
    y "You think I’m gonna fall for you?"
    y "Is that what it is?"

    if bonus == True:
        y "If I just swallow my pride and suck your dick already, will you at least just leave me the fuck alone after that?"
    else:
        y "If I just swallow my pride and embrace you, will you at least just leave me the fuck alone already?"

    y "Is that really what I have to do? Because at this point, it honestly might be worth it."

    scene ramenyumi12
    with dissolve

    s "Yumi..."

    if bonus == False:
        s "You're allergic...You shouldn't."

    y "Point is...I don’t want to be anywhere near you anymore."
    y "I don’t want your fucking help. "
    y "Just let me do my own thing in peace like I’ve been doin’ my entire life. "
    y "I’m not meant to fuckin’ act like everybody else. I’m a loner. A degenerate. A fucking thief."
    y "I’m everything horrible wrapped into one girl and there’s no way anyone like me could ever get along with some fucking 'player' like you."

    if bonus == True:
        y "But yet here I am, about to eat dinner with you in some fucking ramen shop less than a mile away from where you stole my first kiss."
    else:
        y "But yet here I am, about to eat dinner with you in some fucking ramen shop less than a mile away from where you made me buy all those juggling materials."

    y "Life is fucking stupid. I just want everything to stop."
    s "…"
    s "Yumi-"
    y "You know what? No. I’m done with this."
    y "I'll go tell Chika I backed out."
    y "Enjoy your fucking ramen."

    scene ramenyumi14
    with dissolve

    "..."
    "Yumi storms out of the ramen shop."
    "I don’t even try to stop her."
    "All I can really do is give her space at this point. "
    "Sure, there are plenty of things I want to say, but it's not like she'd be able to hear them in her current condition."
    "And I don’t blame her."
    "I know I’m a horrible person, but..."

    s "..."

    if bonus == True:
        "Why {i}did{/i} I kiss her?"
    else:
        "{i}What{/i} juggling materials?"

    "I still don’t understand."
    "…"

    play sound "slidedoor.mp3"
    scene ramenyumi15
    with dissolve

    "A moment of silence passes by before the shop’s bathroom door opens and an older woman steps out."
    "She takes a seat where Yumi was just moments ago and immediately pulls a cigarette from one of the pockets of her leather jacket."

    q "Girl problems?"
    s "I guess that’s one way to put it."
    q "Sounded like a real brat, if you ask me."
    s "She can be. This was kind of my fault, though."
    q "You cheat on her or somethin’?"
    s "Nothing like that. Just...did some things she didn’t particularly agree with."

    scene ramenyumi16
    with dissolve

    if bonus == True:
        q "Put it in the wrong hole or something? Gotta admit, I'd be mad too."
    else:
        q "What, force her into a hug she wasn't ready for or something?"

    if bonus == True:
        s "What? No. Nothing like that."
        q "The fuck did you do, then?"
        q "Not much out there that can get a girl {i}that{/i} pissed off. Guess everyone's a little different, though."
        s "Just...might have jumped the gun on making the first move."
        q "Tongue or no tongue?"
        s "Is that important?"
        q "Not really, I guess. Just curious."
        q "She sounded young. She like a...daughter’s friend or something? Or are you just that fucked up?"
        s "You really don’t hold anything back, do you?"
    else:
        s "What? No. Nothing like- wait."
        q "What?"
        s "You actually got it right. I wasn't expecting that."
        q "I've got that clairvoyance shit or whatever is they call it. I kinda just know stuff."
        q "Like how you're a little pussy ass bitch."
        s "Wow. You really don’t hold anything back, do you?"

    scene ramenyumi17
    with dissolve

    q "What's the point of holdin' anything back? We’re all gonna fuckin’ die someday. Might as well live it up while we still can."
    q "Hard to do that when you're constantly tiptoeing around shit."
    s "Well...I guess you've got a point there."
    q "Was I right about the daughter thing at least? You look old enough to have kids."
    s "No daughters...just a niece. How about you?"

    scene ramenyumi18
    with dissolve

    "The woman takes a drag from her cigarette and waves over the [young_girl] who had tried to take my order earlier."

    q "Tsu-chan, give me the usual. This weird guy will have what I'm having as well."
    rg "Understood. Please let me know if there is anything else I can do for you."

    scene ramenyumi19
    with dissolve

    "The ramen girl, once again, disappears into the back room and begins to prepare our order."

    s "What if I don’t like “The usual?”"
    q "You’ll like it. Shit's fuckin' unreal. Best damn thing in Kumon-mi."
    q "But hey, if you don’t like it for some weird fuckin’ reason, just give me whatever you don’t finish and I'll take care of it."
    q "Could eat ten of these fuckin’ things."
    s "Thanks, I guess. I appreciate that."

    scene ramenyumi20
    with dissolve

    q "Appreciate what? You’re the one payin’."
    s "…"
    q "…"
    s "Wait, what?"
    q "That’s the price for my advice. You got a problem with that?"
    s "A small one, yeah. You haven’t given me any advice yet."
    q "Heh. Right. Well how about this, then-"
    q "Stick with your niece and don’t ever have any kids of your own."
    q "Shit's not all it's made out to be."
    s "Thanks. I wasn’t planning on having kids, but I will definitely file that advice under more reasons to not have them."
    q "You do you, man."
    q "And good luck with that girl."
    q "I’m sure everythin’ will work out as long as you don’t be a fuckin' douche about it."
    s "I will do my very best to not be a douche about it, thanks."
    q "I don't need your thanks. The free dinner is more than enough."
    q "Also, might wanna think again before comin' out here next time. This part of town ain't really the right place for people like you."
    s "People like me?"
    q "People who let girls like {i}me{/i} walk all over 'em without puttin' up a fight."
    s "In my defense, you are rather intimidating."
    q "Guess I am, huh?"
    q "Either way, watch your back around here."
    q "Ain't nothin' good on this side of Kumon-mi."
    q "Just a bunch of lowlives and people pretendin' that it ain't their own shit decisions that landed 'em here."
    q "File that in whatever fuckin' file you think it's worth filin' it in, I guess. And I'll take a beer as payment for that."
    s "Sure. But please stop giving me advice before I go broke."

    scene black
    with dissolve2

    "Despite buying her dinner, the unknown woman and I didn’t talk much as soon after the food arrived...but I felt oddly comfortable sitting next to her."
    "Something about the way she spoke to me made it seem like she was genuinely trying to deter me from ever being familiar enough with this half of town to have a {i}usual{/i} at a local restaurant."
    "And while I'd like to say I will take her advice to heart-"
    "I know I won't."
    "Regardless, I wish her the best."
    "Wherever the wind takes her."

    $ renpy.end_replay()
    $ day128 = True
    stop music fadeout 5.0

    "………"
    "……"
    "…"

    jump endofweekday

label day130:
...
```

## Code that triggers this event
File: \game\script.rpy
Code:
```python
...
$ futabanew1 = True
        $ futabanew2 = True
        $ futabanew3 = True
    if amidorm10 == True:
        $ aminew1 = True
        $ aminew2 = True

    if totaldays > 21 and roomwithclocks == False:
        $ roomwithtrack = True

    $ v11check()

    if totaldays >= 5 and day5 == False:
        jump day5
    if totaldays >= 7 and day7 == False:
        jump day7
    if totaldays >= 8 and day8 == False:
        jump day8
    if totaldays >= 12 and day12 == False:
        jump day12
    if totaldays >= 14 and day14 == False:
        jump day14
    if totaldays >= 16 and firsttimedojo == True and day16 == False:
        jump day16
    if totaldays >= 20 and day20 == False:
        jump day20
    if totaldays >= 21 and firsttimestreets and day21 == False:
        jump day21
    if totaldays >= 26 and day26 == False:
        jump day26
    if totaldays >= 28 and day28 == False:
        jump day28
    if totaldays >= 30 and cafesugar == True and day30 == False:
        jump day30
    if totaldays >= 33 and day33 == False:
        jump day33
    if totaldays >= 36 and day16 == True and bar5 == True and day36 == False:
        jump day36
    if totaldays >= 40 and day40 == False:
        jump day40
    if totaldays >= 43 and amisroom10 == True and day24 == True and aminew1 == False:
        jump aminew1
    if totaldays >= 44 and day38 == True and day44 == False:
        jump day44
    if totaldays >= 48 and day48 == False:
        jump day48
    if totaldays >= 50 and cafe15 == True and day50 == False:
        jump day50
    if totaldays >= 54 and day54 == False:
        jump day54
    if totaldays >= 55 and pornshop10 == True and makotonew1 == False:
        jump makotonew1
    if totaldays >= 56 and shrine5 == True and day56 == False:
        jump day56
    if totaldays >= 60 and ayanenew2 == True and ayanenew3 == False:
        jump ayanenew3
    if totaldays >= 63 and rindorm20 == True and day63 == False:
        jump day63
    if totaldays >= 64 and futabanew1 == True and day72 == True and futabanew2 == False:
        jump futabanew2
    if totaldays >= 65 and bar15 == True and cafe20 == True and day65 == False:
        jump day65
    if totaldays >= 68 and ayane_lust >= 5 and day68 == False:
        jump day68
    if totaldays >= 70 and bar10 == True and day70 == False:
        jump day70
    if totaldays >= 72 and day70 == True and day72 == False:
        jump day72
    if totaldays >= 77 and day77 == False:
        jump day77
    if totaldays >= 79 and day == 5 and chikadorm15 == True and day79 == False:
        jump day79
    if totaldays >= 83 and mikudorm10 == True and day83 == False:
        jump day83
    if totaldays >= 85 and streets10 == True and day85 == False:
        jump day85
    if totaldays >= 86 and futaba_lust >= 5 and day == 5 and day86 == False:
        jump day86
    if totaldays >= 89 and day65 == True and day89 == False:
        jump day89
    if totaldays >= 91 and day63 == True and day65 == True and day91 == False:
        jump day91
    if totaldays >= 96 and day == 1 and shrine15 == True and ayanenew1 == True and day96 == False:
        jump day96
    if totaldays >= 98 and ami_lust >= 5 and day98 == False:
        jump day98
    if totaldays >= 103 and day102 == True and day103 == False:
        jump day103
    if totaldays >= 110 and day103 == True and day110 == False:
        jump day110
    if totaldays >= 114 and day103 == True and bar20 == True and day114 == False:
        jump day114
    if totaldays >= 120 and day103 == True and day91 == True and day120 == False:
        jump day120
    if totaldays >= 121 and day85 == True and day103 == True and day121 == False:
        jump day121
    if totaldays >= 126 and day103 == True and streets15 == True and chikadorm15 == True and day126 == False:
        jump day126
    if totaldays >= 128 and day103 == True and day126 == True and day == 5 and day128 == False:
        jump day128
...
```