# What Was (Main)

[Back to event list](./../)

This is generated automatically through code analysis and may include mistakes. For the interactive version of this tool, which looks at your latest savegame to hint the next see the [walkthrough tool here](https://github.com/largestack/Lessons-In-Love-Guide-Tool/blob/main/README.md).



## Event preconditions

* Days since the start of the game greater than or equal to 271

* Day of week is Friday

* Event [What Is](./day270.md) (Main) is completed)



## Next events

* [Miku: Loxonin](./soccer35.md)
* [Sara: She's Always a Woman](./sarabar20.md)
* [Kirin: Morals vs. Orgasms](./kirinfirsthall.md)
* [Kirin: Love, Dorms, and Other Things](./kirindorm10.md)
* [Karin: Tendrils of Flame](./karinsoccer15.md)
* [Kaori: To Die, To Sleep](./kaoridate15.md)
* [Main: Annabel Lee](./day280.md)
* [Noriko: Sculpture](./norikofirsthall.md)

## Event properties

* Id: day271
* Group: Main
* Triggered by label: weekdaymorning
* Triggered by branch label: weekdaymorning
* Triggered by path: weekdaymorning->day271

## Official wiki page

[What Was](https://lessonsinlove.wiki/index.php?title=Special%3ASearch&search=day271&go=Go) for more details.

## Event code

File: (install folder)\game\ch2script.rpy

Code:
```python
...
label day271:
    scene reunion1
    with dissolve
    play music "wewereangels.mp3"

    "Ami and I leave[school] together, the same way we’ve done countless times before."
    "We pass the same old stores, the same old street food vendors who can never even be bothered to look at us (Which is horrible marketing, if you ask me)-"
    "And talk about the same old things as we traverse the same old snow piles I’m so quickly growing accustomed to."
    "I think I prefer winter in Kumon-mi."
    "As you may have heard before, I’ve never been a fan of the heat. And yes, it is fucking cold here in the winter, but not cold enough to kill you."
    "And the fact that I’m meeting so many new people makes my newfound affinity for this season all the more enjoyable."
    "I smile to myself in the darkest section of my mind, but not anywhere on the exterior."
    "I’m excited to watch everyone grow."
    "To watch them shrink."
    "To watch them bend."
    "And break."
    "And bleed."

    if bonus == True:
        "That last one was a reference to defloration."
    else:
        "Just not that much because blood makes me queasy and I don't wanna puke."

    a "So...what do you think of Maya’s new uniform, Sensei?"
    s "This is a trick question. You just want me to say that yours is cuter."
    a "Me? Noooo. Of course not. "
    a "But now that you’ve said it, you can’t take it back."
    a "Thank you for calling me the prettiest girl in all of Kumon-mi."
    s "It’s really admirable how you’re always able to hear exactly what you want to hear."
    a "Not {i}always{/i}. "
    a "Like, when that new girl said all that stuff about being in love with you the other day, I almost jumped out of my chair to strangle her to death."
    s "Your best friend was the one who jumped. You just raised your hand and asked who she was."

    scene reunion2
    with dissolve

    a "Oh! You still haven’t explained that to me!"
    a "How do you know her? And how does she know me?!"
    a "Since when are there other girls in your life?!"
    s "There are more girls in my life than I can count now."
    a "But only one of them has gotten in front of the class and proclaimed her love for you."
    s "Two. You're not counting Ayane."
    a "Literally no one counts Ayane. She says it so often that we just consider it one of her character traits."
    s "That is...fair. "

    scene reunion3
    with dissolve

    a "So...who is she? And what was she talking about when she said all that stuff?"
    s "She told me yesterday that she used to be my neighbor...and that I’d spend time hanging out at her house pretty often."

    if bonus == True:
        a "But she’s my age. Why would you be with a girl that [young]when-"

        scene reunion4
        with dissolve

        a "Actually, no. I can see it."
        a "Huh."
        a "I guess you’ve just always been that way..."
        s "I was visiting her older sister..."
        s "It’s before you and I lived together."

    scene reunion5
    with dissolve

    a "How does she know {i}me{/i} then? I don’t remember anyone like that and we didn't live together until you moved."
    s "Not sure. You can ask her."
    s "Apparently, I tutored her for a while as well. Maybe you met her back then?"
    a "If she was still around at that time, I’m surprised she doesn’t know Ayane as well."
    s "Maybe she met you when you visited my...old house or something?"

    "Did the old Sensei even live in a house?"
    "Was it an apartment?"
    "Maybe Noriko knows."

    scene reunion6
    with fade

    n "…"
    a "{i}Huh...{/i}"
    a "{i}Now that I think about it...I might vaguely remember a play date with some girl when I came over to visit once.{/i}"
    a "{i}I think her hair was a different color, though.{/i}"
    s "{i}Oh. Well it’s physically impossible for a girl to change her hair color, so you’re probably thinking of someone else.{/i}"

    scene reunion7
    with dissolve

    a "{i}Hey! I know sarcasm when I hear it, Mister!{/i}"
    a "{i}Guess who’s cutting the onions for dinner tonight as punishment?{/i}"
    s "{i}If you’re suggesting making me do something that boring, I’ll just have Ayane come over and step in.{/i}"
    a "{i}No! Stop inviting Ayane to the house or she’s going to think you two are in love!{/i}"
    s "{i}Stop making me cut onions.{/i}"

    scene reunion8
    with fade

    if bonus == True:
        a "I’ll make you do whatever I want to make you do. You’re a slave to my cooking and...feminine wiles now."
        s "I have no problem reverting to garlic bread seven days a week if you’re going to call me a slave to anything."
    else:
        a "I’ll make you do whatever I want to make you do. That is my job as your accountant."
        s "Ami no."

    a "You’re the one who made me this way, Sensei."
    a "If it wasn’t for you getting so caught up in your own thoughts back when I was little, Mega Ami never would have happened."
    s "Mega Ami?..."

    scene reunion9
    with dissolve

    a "Mega Ami. The current version of Ami that you know and love."

    if bonus == False:
        "Ahh. So it's an accountant pet-name sort of thing."

    a "The one that cooks and cleans for you. And wakes you up in the morning. And hasn’t yet but would absolutely wash your back in the bath if you asked her to."
    a "Oh, speaking of cooking and all that stuff, is there anything specific you want for dinner?"
    a "The onion thing was a joke. We don’t even have onions. But we can buy some if you want an...onion-based thingy."
    a "Just tell me what you want and I’ll make it happen, Sensei~"

    scene reunion10
    with dissolve

    n "How about something with chickpeas? I’ve been trying to go vegetarian lately and those things are frickin’ addictive."
    a "Chickpeas? Hmm...I haven’t tried making anything with those before. But I think one of the dishes Ayane likes to make has-"
    s "…"
    a "…"
    n "Has what?"

    scene reunion11
    with hpunch

    a "Pink girl!"
    a "Unhand my [uncle]!"
    s "What an entirely uncreative nickname."
    a "Why do I have to make dinner for {i}you{/i} now?! And where did you even come from?!"
    a "This is supposed to be {i}my{/i} time with Sensei!"

    scene reunion12
    with dissolve

    n "But you get to see him every day~ "
    a "This makes absolutely no difference to me. "
    a "You would know this if you didn’t randomly show up and decide to start getting your...pink all over him."
    n "Amiiiiiiiiiii~"
    a "Don’t say my name with so many I’s, you harlot."
    n "Ami Ami Ami Ami Ami Ami Ami Ami Ami Ami~"

    scene reunion13
    with dissolve

    a "Don’t say my name so many times in general!"
    a "Go get your own chickpeas!"
    n "Amiiiiiiii <3"
    s "You really like saying that, don’t you?"
    n "Can I borrow your [uncle] pleeeeeease?~"
    a "No!"
    n "Pleeeeeeeeeease?~"
    a "NO!"
    n "C’mon~ I’ll bring him back good as new. I promise."
    n "Just for a little while. I need to show him something."

    scene reunion14
    with dissolve

    a "How do I know you won’t try to steal him from me forever?"
    n "Because in my master plan, we {i}all{/i} live happily ever after together. "
    n "And you and I have matching aprons and take turns cooking dinner and doing each other’s hair."
    a "That...does sound pretty nice."
    a "But I don’t like the idea of someone el-"
    a "I don't like the idea of someone {i}in general{/i} being in love with him."
    s "Good save, Ami."
    a "Shut up. "

    if bonus == True:
        n "Sensei, promise her we won’t make out or anything so you can come with me."
        s "Ami, I promise not to make out with Noriko."
    else:
        n "Sensei, promise her we won't do the hug thing so she'll let us play."
        s "Ami, can I please go out and play? I won't hug Noriko."

    a "I’m gonna need a little more than that."
    n "How much more do you need?"
    n "I can give you my shoe as collateral and just hop around instead if you want."
    n "I’ve got pretty good balance, so I wouldn’t even mind."

    scene reunion15
    with dissolve

    a "She’s nicer than I expected her to be after Maya’s reaction the other day."
    s "I think Maya’s going through some stuff right now."
    a "Mmm...no? I think she had hers last week."
    a "…"
    s "…"
    a "Oh. You didn’t mean that."
    n "Menstrual cycles aside, I’m gonna pull on your [uncle]’s arm and run away with him now. Okay?"
    n "I’ll have him back for dinner. "
    n "Also, I love your sweater. Do you want to trade clothes sometime?"
    a "Not...particularly."
    s "…"
    s "I guess I’ll be back later?"
    a "…"
    a "Yeah, fine."
    a "But don’t be gone too long. I wanted to eat with you tonight."

    scene reunion16
    with dissolve

    n "Yay! Thanks, Ami!"
    n "Let’s catch up soon! Just make sure you don’t also have plans with Maya that day cause she kind of doesn’t like me very much."
    a "Yeah...she really doesn’t..."

    scene black
    with dissolve2

    "Noriko tugs on my arm and quickly pulls me down the street and around the corner."
    "The bottoms of my shoes are worn out from walking so much, so I almost slip on the snow a few times in the process."
    "This, in turn, causes Noriko to slip as well."
    "And even though neither one of us ever truly falls, there is more than enough impartial balance to last the two of us a lifetime."

    scene reunion17
    with dissolve

    n "{i}Hmm hmm hmm~ Hmm hmm hmm hmmm~{/i}"
    s "What are you singing?"
    s "Actually, better question- where are you taking me?"

    scene reunion18
    with dissolve

    n "Conveniently enough, the answer to both of those is pretty much the same."
    n "It’s one of my sister’s songs. That’s who we’re going to meet right now."
    s "The girl I used to hang out with is a musician?"

    scene reunion19
    with dissolve

    n "Wait, you didn’t know?"
    s "I don’t even know her name."
    n "And the fact that you know my last name is Nakayama and that I also have bright pink hair isn’t...ringing any bells?"
    s "Nope."
    n "Really? Niki Nakayama?"
    n "Nothing?"
    n "You...you {i}do{/i} own a TV, right?"
    s "I do. I don’t think I’ve heard of a Niki Nakayama, though."

    scene reunion20
    with dissolve

    n "Uh-oh."
    s "Uh-oh what?"
    n "She is not going to like that very much."
    n "This whole time, she’s been like “Ha! I hope he sees how big I’ve gotten and comes crawling back so I can laugh in his face!” and stuff."
    s "Why would you willingly take me to meet a person who thinks of me that way?"

    scene reunion21
    with dissolve

    n "Well..."
    n "Because it wouldn't be fair if only I get to know where you are and she doesn’t."
    n "She took you leaving harder than anybody. "
    n "But I guess five years with somebody will do that to you."
    s "…"

    "Did she just say five years?"
    "I had a feeling there was a possible romance with this sister of hers if I spent so much time at her house back then, but-"
    "Five years?"
    "That’s longer than some people live."
    "Granted, SIDS is a thing that exists, so pretty much any relationship is longer than some people live."
    "Five years, though..."

    scene black
    with dissolve2
    stop music fadeout 10.0

    "I wonder if she’ll be happy to see me."
    "………"
    "……"
    "…"
    "Noriko pulls open the door to some sort of studio and waves at a few of the...technicians (?) as we walk by."
    "I don’t know what title the staff in places like these go by."
    "We make our way through a tightly packed studio and wind up behind a large camera."
    "It looks like they’re shooting some sort of commercial."
    "And the subject of said commercial is-"

    play music "shiningstarvocals.mp3"

    scene reunion22
    with dissolve2

    ni "And that’s why when {i}I’m{/i} feeling thirsty, I grab a Coca-Cola."
    ni "It’s the only drink that can make a girl like me feel as bright as-"

    scene reunion23
    with hpunch

    n "Nee-chan! Look who I brought with me!"
    di "Cut! "
    di "Noriko...how many times do I need to ask you to stop yelling things while we’re shooting? "
    n "Sorry, chief! This time it’s really important, though!"
    ni "Noriko...my dear, dear sister..."
    ni "If you interrupt me while I am working {i}one{/i} more time, I-"

    scene reunion24
    with dissolve

    ni "I..."
    s "…"
    n "…"

    "There are likely a million things running through my apparent ex-girlfriend’s mind right now."
    "It must be quite a heartwarming experience to find that the boy you’ve spent so many years thinking about is suddenly right in front of-"

    scene reunion25
    with hpunch

    ni "WHAT THE FUCK ARE YOU DOING HERE?!"
    ni "WHERE HAVE YOU BEEN?!"
    ni "AND WHY ARE YOU SHOWING UP IN THE MIDDLE OF A SHOOT?!"
    ni "AND WHY IS MY LITTLE SISTER TENDERLY RUBBING YOUR BACK?!"
    n "Nee-chan! I hereby declare war!"

    if bonus == True:
        n "I am now old enough to understand love and will be dedicating myself fully to your ex-boyfriend."
    else:
        n "I, a collegiate age female, will now be attempting to put my moves on the huggy boy!"

    scene reunion26
    with hpunch
    play sound "glass.mp3"

    ni "Excuse me?..."
    di "Oh, God damnit! Can we get somebody to clean that up?"

    scene reunion27
    with dissolve

    ni "You came all this way to tell me that? Is this some sort of joke?"
    s "Wow, they cleaned up that soda really quickly."
    n "The custodial staff here is crazy good. {i}And{/i} underpaid, in my opinion."
    ni "STOP TALKING ABOUT THE FUCKING SODA AND PAY ATTENTION TO ME!"
    di "Niki, we have executives from Coca-Cola here and-"
    ni "FUCK THE COCA-COLA! "
    di "You know what? Everybody take five. Or ten, actually!"
    di "Just...go down the street and grab a drink or something."

    scene reunion28
    with dissolve

    ni "Make sure you pick up Coca-Cola! It’s fucking...good or whatever!"
    n "Her temper hasn’t changed much, but it’s not like you remember how it used to be in the first place."

    scene reunion29
    with fade

    "Niki rushes off the set and immediately storms over to Noriko and me."
    "Instead of providing any sort of assistance whatsoever, though, Noriko decides to just start giggling to herself as her sister pierces my soul with her gaze."

    ni "You better have a good fucking explanation for this."
    ni "How long has Noriko known about you being back? How long has she been keeping this a secret from me?"
    ni "And why didn’t you ever try calling? I’m famous now! I’m on Google!"
    ni "Pictures of me come up when you type my name in! It's a big deal!"

    scene reunion30
    with dissolve

    ni "Bet you’re regretting leaving me in the dust now, huh?"
    ni "I bet you were just intimidated to reach out since I’ve gotten so big."
    n "Nee-chan, Sensei’s actually never even heard your music."
    ni "…"
    s "…"

    scene reunion31
    with dissolve

    ni "Huh?"
    s "I’m going to defer to my secretary on this."
    n "Sensei has amnesia. He doesn’t even remember me."
    n "But that’s okay because we’re going to start from scratch and rebuild our relationship."
    ni "Like I’m going to buy that fucking sob story."
    ni "You have ears, right? Listen real closely and you {i}might{/i} hear {i}my{/i} fucking song playing {i}right now{/i}."

    scene reunion32
    with dissolve

    "I do as instructed and listen closely."
    "The song on the radio or speakers or...whatever it’s playing on actually sounds kind of familiar."
    "I can’t remember where I’ve heard it before, but-"

    s "You wrote this?"
    ni "Uh-huh. "
    ni "Well, a team of producers wrote it. But I perform it."
    ni "I still do all the heavy lifting, though. Do you have any idea how fucking cutthroat this industry can be? It’s insane."
    s "I’m pretty sure my [niece] listens to this."

    scene reunion33
    with dissolve

    ni "Is..."
    ni "Is she doing okay?"
    ni "I haven’t heard anything since the accident and..."
    n "She’s super cute now. I saw her on the way over here."

    scene reunion34
    with dissolve

    ni "Good!"
    ni "Then I have nothing to worry about and can go back to being mad!"
    ni "I can’t {i}believe{/i} you would just show up here after all these years without so much as an apology!"

    "Was this really the original Sensei’s type?"
    "She seems a little...overbearing."
    "Granted, the love of her life just up and left without ever letting her know where he was going, so..."
    "I guess I should at least {i}fake{/i} an apology."

    s "I’m really sorry for everything that happened."
    s "I wish I could be more sincere but...amnesia."
    ni "Knock it off with the amnesia crap! I know damn well that’s not true!"
    ni "You’re just making up a convenient excuse to try and get back together with me because I’m famous now!"
    ni "I expected this! I knew it was coming one day!"
    n "Which is precisely why Nee-chan hasn’t dated anyone else ever since you disappeared."

    scene reunion35
    with dissolve

    ni "That’s..."
    ni "That's just because I’ve been really busy, you know, doing idol stuff."
    ni "It’s not like I was just waiting around for closure or anything."
    di "Okay, break time’s over!"
    di "Niki, we need you back on set or none of us are getting paid for today."
    ni "Yeah, yeah. I’m coming..."

    scene reunion36
    with fade

    "Niki begins to walk away, but stops in her tracks before making it back onto set."
    "I can’t help but wonder if she put this costume on herself. That ribbon seems like it would be hell to tie behind your back."

    ni "…"
    ni "If you’re going to disappear again, at least take my phone number so I can know you’re not dead."
    ni "Noriko and I looked everywhere."
    ni "I didn’t even realize she was still looking, but..."
    ni "I’m...glad she found you, I guess."
    di "Niki...please."
    ni "I’M FUCKING COMING!"

    "Niki reaches into my pocket and snags my phone out of it, punching her contact info in."

    $ nikinumber = True

    "Also, she apparently knows my passcode? "
    "I don’t even think Ami knows that."

    if bonus == True:
        ni "Is that...a girl with a dildo in her mouth as your wallpaper?..."
        s "..."
        s "No."
        ni "You are absolutely fucking disgusting."
    else:
        ni "Who is the girl on your wallpaper and why is she just...doing her homework?"
        s "NO ONE. DON'T LOOK."
        ni "You are absolutely fucking disgusting."

    scene black
    with dissolve

    ni "Hiiii~ Sorry for my attitude earlier, everyone!"
    ni "It’s been really, {i}really{/i} hard having to keep up with everything, but I promise I’ll do my very best to improve and live up to all of your expectations~"
    di "Okay! Niki Nakayama Coca-Cola Ad: Take 23!"

    "The director begins rattling off a bunch of TV related terms and I am suddenly even more lost than I have been throughout this entire afternoon."
    "Noriko lightly punches me in the arm and reaffirms that she has no intention of losing to her sister, but-"
    "At this point in time, I don’t even know if her sister is in the running anymore."
    "Yes, she did wait X amount of years without seeing anyone else, but-"
    "Maybe all she wanted really {i}was{/i} closure."
    "I’ll have to call her soon and...see exactly where we stand."

    $ renpy.end_replay()
    $ day271 = True
    $ niki_love += 50
    $ noriko_love += 1
    stop music fadeout 10.0

    "{i}Congratulations! You now have Niki’s phone number!{/i}"
    "{i}Surprise! Niki’s affection is already [niki_love]!{/i}"
    "{i}Noriko’s affection has increased to [noriko_love]!{/i}"
    "{i}Noriko and Kirin can now be found at the dorms and their respective hangout spots on the weekend!{/i}"
    "………"
    "……"
    "…"

    if day >= 6:
        jump endofsat
    else:
        jump endofweekday

label day280:
...
```

## Code that triggers this event

File: (install folder)\game\script.rpy

Code:
```python
...
jump ayanenew3
    if totaldays >= 63 and rindorm20 == True and day63 == False:
        jump day63
    if totaldays >= 64 and futabanew1 == True and day72 == True and futabanew2 == False:
        jump futabanew2
    if totaldays >= 65 and bar15 == True and cafe20 == True and day65 == False:
        jump day65
    if totaldays >= 68 and ayane_lust >= 5 and day68 == False:
        jump day68
    if totaldays >= 70 and bar10 == True and day70 == False:
        jump day70
    if totaldays >= 72 and day70 == True and day72 == False:
        jump day72
    if totaldays >= 77 and day77 == False:
        jump day77
    if totaldays >= 79 and day == 5 and chikadorm15 == True and day79 == False:
        jump day79
    if totaldays >= 83 and mikudorm10 == True and day83 == False:
        jump day83
    if totaldays >= 85 and streets10 == True and day85 == False:
        jump day85
    if totaldays >= 86 and futaba_lust >= 5 and day == 5 and day86 == False:
        jump day86
    if totaldays >= 89 and day65 == True and day89 == False:
        jump day89
    if totaldays >= 91 and day63 == True and day65 == True and day91 == False:
        jump day91
    if totaldays >= 96 and day == 1 and shrine15 == True and ayanenew1 == True and day96 == False:
        jump day96
    if totaldays >= 98 and ami_lust >= 5 and day98 == False:
        jump day98
    if totaldays >= 103 and day102 == True and day103 == False:
        jump day103
    if totaldays >= 110 and day103 == True and day110 == False:
        jump day110
    if totaldays >= 114 and day103 == True and bar20 == True and day114 == False:
        jump day114
    if totaldays >= 120 and day103 == True and day91 == True and day120 == False:
        jump day120
    if totaldays >= 121 and day85 == True and day103 == True and day121 == False:
        jump day121
    if totaldays >= 126 and day103 == True and streets15 == True and chikadorm15 == True and day126 == False:
        jump day126
    if totaldays >= 128 and day103 == True and day126 == True and day == 5 and day128 == False:
        jump day128
    if totaldays >= 138 and day103 == True and day130 == True and day85 == True and day138 == False:
        jump day138
    if totaldays >= 139 and chika_lust >= 5 and chikadorm20 == True and mall20 == True and chikadetention == True and day139 == False or chikadorm20 == True and mall20 == True and chika_lust >= 10 and day139 == False:
        jump day139
    if totaldays >= 140 and day138 == True and day140 == False:
        jump day140
    if totaldays >= 142 and amidorm15 == True and day140 == True and day142 == False:
        jump day142
    if totaldays >= 144 and day128 == True and day142 == True and day144 == False:
        jump day144
    if totaldays >= 150 and day144 == True and streets15 == True and cafe20 == True and soccer10 == True and day150 == False:
        jump day150
    if totaldays >= 153 and day150 == True and day153 == False:
        jump day153
    if totaldays >= 154 and day153 == True and day154 == False:
        jump day154
    if (totaldays >= 200 and day == 5 and beachvacation16 == True and chikainvite1 == True and harukadate1 == True and kaoridate1 == True and cafe25 == True and bar25 == True and mayadorm25 == True
    and mikudorm15 == True and streets25 == True and makotoinvite2 == True and makidate1 == True and rindorm35 == True and halloween1 == False):
        jump halloween1
    if totaldays >= 214 and makidate5 == True and halloween14 == True and makotodorm25 == True and mikudorm30 == True and amidorm25 == True and day == 1 and day214 == False:
        jump day214
    if totaldays >= 215 and day214 == True and day == 2 and day215 == False:
        jump day215
    if totaldays >= 216 and day215 == True and day == 3 and day216 == False:
        jump day216
    if totaldays >= 217 and day216 == True and day == 4 and day217 == False:
        jump day217
    if totaldays >= 218 and day217 == True and day == 5 and day218 == False:
        jump day218
    if totaldays >= 230 and makoto_lust >= 10 and christmas7 == True and makotolust10 == False:
        jump makotolust10
    if totaldays >= 237 and day == 1 and christmas7 == True and day237 == False:
        jump day237
    if totaldays >= 239 and day == 3 and day237 == True and day239 == False:
        jump day239
    if totaldays >= 240 and day == 4 and day239 == True and day240 == False:
        jump day240
    if totaldays >= 244 and day == 1 and day240 == True and day244 == False:
        jump day244
    if totaldays >= 246 and day == 3 and day244 == True and day246 == False:
        jump day246
    if totaldays >= 247 and day == 4 and day246 == True and day247 == False:
        jump day247
    if totaldays >= 261 and day == 3 and day247 == True and kirininvite2 == True and bar35 == True and day261 == False:
        jump day261
    if totaldays >= 263 and day == 5 and day261 == True and day263 == False:
        jump day263
    if totaldays >= 264 and day == 1 and day263 == True and day264 == False:
        jump day264
    if totaldays >= 269 and day == 3 and day264 == True and day269 == False:
        jump day269
    if totaldays >= 270 and day == 4 and day269 == True and day270 == False:
        jump day270
    if totaldays >= 271 and day == 5 and day270 == True and day271 == False:
        jump day271
...
```