# Forty Degrees Below Zero (Main)

[Back to event list](./../)

This is generated automatically through code analysis and may include mistakes. For the interactive version of this tool, which looks at your latest savegame to hint the next see the [walkthrough tool here](https://github.com/largestack/Lessons-In-Love-Guide-Tool/blob/main/README.md).



## Event preconditions

* Days since the start of the game greater than or equal to 264

* Day of week is Monday

* Event [There's Always a Chance](./day263.md) (Main) is completed)



## Next events

* [Karin: Dying Alone With Ten Cats](./karindate15.md)
* [Main: What Could Have Been](./day269.md)

## Event properties

* Id: day264
* Group: Main
* Triggered by label: weekdaymorning
* Triggered by branch label: weekdaymorning
* Triggered by path: weekdaymorning->day264

## Official wiki page

[Forty Degrees Below Zero](https://lessonsinlove.wiki/index.php?title=Special%3ASearch&search=day264&go=Go) for more details.

## Event code

File: (install folder)\game\ch2script.rpy

Code:
```python
...
label day264:
    scene karincat1
    with fade
    play music "samhain.mp3"

    "On a bench, sits a girl..."
    "And beside that girl, a cat."
    "Beside the cat, the grass."
    "And underneath the grass, things we can not fathom."
    "If I had to take a guess, I’d probably say dirt."
    "Dirt and worms."
    "Things this girl and her sister likely played with in their backyard before they grew up and it became less socially acceptable to do things of that nature."
    "Now, instead of burying her fingers in the earth, she buries them into the fabric of her cardigan."

    if bonus == True:
        "And the younger one, the one who is not here, buries hers in something else."

    s "Alone today?"

    scene karincat2
    with dissolve

    ka "I...I have pepper spray!"

    scene karincat3
    with dissolve

    ka "Oh...It’s you."
    ka "Sorry, Sensei. I was just lost in thought for a moment."
    ka "And I don’t actually have pepper spray. You’re safe."
    s "You probably should. That seems like a vital item for all [teenage]girls to carry."
    s "And you’ve certainly got enough bag space for it."
    ka "Bag...space?"

    scene karincat4
    with dissolve

    ka "Oh, yeah. {i}These{/i} bags."
    ka "They’re not really mine. I’m just going to be hanging some fliers to try and recruit new members for the soccer team."
    s "In the middle of winter? And all by yourself?"

    scene karincat5
    with dissolve

    ka "Kirin was supposed to come, but I’m pretty sure she’s still mad at me for telling her to watch her language last week."
    s "Still? I could have sworn she was going to apologize to you."
    ka "Kirin? Apologizing? I figured you’d know her better than that by now."
    s "I doubt it. I’ve definitely gotten to know her a little better, but I still don’t understand the first thing about her."

    scene karincat6
    with dissolve

    ka "Yeah...she’s kind of hard to gauge. You’ll get the hang of it eventually."
    ka "Especially since she...did all of that stuff just to wind up in your class."
    s "If you’re talking about causing trouble or whatever it was she said she did, it was a lot more simple than that."
    ka "She probably just asked for a transfer the normal way, right?"
    s "Oh, wow. You didn’t even have to wait for her to slip up and say it on accident to figure that out."

    scene karincat7
    with dissolve

    ka "When you grow up sharing a bedroom with someone, you kind of learn their habits and tendencies and stuff."
    ka "Also, if she ever told you I talk in my sleep, she’s lying. "
    ka "I stopped doing that like six years ago and after I found out, I was so embarrassed I didn’t leave the room for like three days."
    s "I will be sure to write that next to your name in my diary."

    scene karincat8
    with dissolve

    ka "You...you write about me in your diary?!"
    s "What? No. Obviously, that was a joke."

    scene karincat9
    with dissolve

    ka "Y...Yeah! I knew that! "
    ka "Obviously you’d never write about me in your diary. You’d save that for all of the girls you’re closer to and-"
    s "Karin, I don’t have a diary at all."
    ka "…"
    s "…"

    scene karincat10
    with dissolve

    ka "Just pretend I’m not here. I’m clearly not ready for this."
    s "Ready for what? We’re just talking."
    ka "That. I’m not ready to talk."
    s "But we’ve talked several times now. We even went to the cafe together once."
    s "You also made me cookies. And they were great, by the way."

    scene karincat11
    with dissolve

    ka "You...ate them?"
    s "That is...what I was supposed to do with them, wasn’t it?"
    ka "I kind of expected you to just throw them in the garbage since it was probably really creepy getting cookies from some girl you barely even know."
    s "Well, I’m glad I didn’t. You should make me more sometime."

    scene karincat12
    with dissolve

    ka "I will go home right now and make you a bunch more!"
    s "Just do it when you have time..."
    ka "I have plenty of time! My sister ditched me!"
    s "Don’t say such depressing things with a smile that wide, please. It makes me uncomfortable."
    ka "Am I smiling? I’m...I’m totally not smiling on purpose if I’m smiling. What even {i}is{/i} a smile? Like...right?"
    s "…"
    ka "…"

    scene karincat10
    with dissolve

    ka "You can go back to pretending I’m not here now. "
    ka "In fact, I would probably prefer things that way."
    s "You’re doing great. Just think of communicating with me like...a sport or something."
    ka "Ugh...how does Kirin do it so easily?"
    s "Do what? Talk to me?"

    scene karincat13
    with dissolve

    ka "Y-Yeah."
    ka "Any time I see her talking to you, her eyes get all wide and she says all this stuff she’d never even come close to saying at home."
    ka "She’s like, a total recluse there. She never even eats dinner with us and when she {i}does{/i}, she barely says a word."
    ka "But with you she’s all like, “Aaaaaaaaaaaah!”"
    ka "You know?"
    s "I think there was a more eloquent way that could have been worded, but I get it for the most part."

    scene karincat14
    with dissolve

    ka "It probably sounds silly but...I want to do that too..."
    ka "I want to see you at the park we normally visit and be able to...actually hold a conversation without my heart feeling like it’s going to rip its way out of my chest and run
    off to join the circus."
    s "I don’t think there are many circus openings in Kumon-mi. Let alone ones that would accept disembodied organs."

    scene karincat15
    with dissolve

    ka "Then I shall carry it there in the container that is my body and accept my new role in life as a trapeze artist."

    scene karincat16
    with dissolve

    ka "But I’m kind of afraid of heights, so I’m hoping they start me off with an easier job."
    ka "As long as it’s not anything like cleaning the elephant pens or...talking to clowns, I think I’ll do okay."
    ka "I’ve heard that circuses don’t pay very well, but living on the road sounds nice and-"
    s "Karin."

    scene karincat17
    with dissolve

    ka "Oh my god. You hate me now, don’t you? I’m so sorry. "
    ka "I have literally no idea what I’m doing."
    ka "Are we still at[school]?"
    s "We are..."
    s "In fact, how long have you been waiting for Kirin to show up? I’m already done with my office hours, so I figured you’d have been long gone by now."
    ka "I don’t know. Two hours, maybe?"
    s "You’ve been waiting for her for two hours?..."

    "That is extremely sad."
    "But also...why wait out here?"
    "It’s freezing and she’s only like fifty feet from the entrance to the[school]."

    scene karincat18
    with dissolve

    ka "Well..."
    ka "I was waiting for her at first, but..."
    ka "Then I thought I might...catch you leaving instead."
    ka "And there’s been something kind of bothering me that...I wanted to ask you about."
    s "If that’s the case, you should have just come to my office. That would have been a lot easier than waiting for me out here."
    ka "But what if in the window of time it took me to get to your office, you happened to walk down a different flight of stairs?"
    ka "Then, without knowing, we’d pass each other...fated to always be just several steps away and looking out for the other as we drift further apart than ever before."
    s "Okay, sure. But I wouldn’t really be looking for you, so..."

    scene karincat19
    with dissolve

    ka "Sensei..."
    ka "What do you think of my sister?"
    s "What do I think of Kirin?"
    s "I think that she’s obnoxiously difficult to figure out. And that a lot of that comes from her not fully understanding herself."
    ka "I don’t mean as a person..."
    ka "I mean as a...g...girl..."
    s "You get nervous when saying the word “girl” now, too?"

    scene karincat20
    with dissolve

    ka "I get nervous with every word when you’re around! I can’t help it!"
    s "Is there a reason you’re asking me this all of a sudden?"
    ka "Of course there’s a reason...it’s just..."

    scene karincat21
    with dissolve

    ka "It’s just even harder to say than...all of the other stuff that I have a hard time saying..."

    "The cat beneath us and beside the grass looks up at Karin."
    "They say that cats can be good devices for calming people down, but no matter how hard this one stares at her, her hands remain trembling."
    "It could just be from the cold, but that’s unlikely."
    "I know what she’s asking."

    if bonus == True:
        "She’s probably been worried about it for a while given how closely she’s observed Kirin’s mannerisms around me-"
        "But that “joke” her sister said the other day about fucking her teacher has likely been lingering in the back of her mind ever since."
    else:
        "She’s probably worried that I am hugging her sister."

    "And she won’t feel better until she knows that nothing like that is going on."
    "She’s a good sister."
    "{s}I wish I had someone like that.{/s}"

    ka "I g...guess what I’m...a...asking is if..."
    ka "You see her as more than just...another student..."
    ka "Because...l...like..."

    scene karincat22
    with dissolve

    ka "I’m so sorry...It’s probably unbelievable how I’m even...s...suggesting such a thing..."
    ka "It’s just...a weird side of her I’ve never seen before and...and I want to understand and..."
    ka "I’m worried...that you..."

    if bonus == True:
        s "That I’m too old for her?"
    else:
        s "That I might be overdoing it with the cargo pants?"

    scene karincat23
    with dissolve

    ka "N-N-N-N-N-No! That’s not it at all!"

    if bonus == True:
        ka "I don’t think you’re old! I think you’re a great age! The best age!"
    else:
        s "I knew I should have only been using these for special occasions."

    ka "I...I’m worried for a different reason!"
    s "And what reason might that be, Karin?"
    ka "A reason I can’t possibly say out loud!"

    "(She loves me.)"

    scene karincat24
    with dissolve

    ka "I just...can’t stop thinking about it and..."
    ka "And I know she’ll never say anything to me, so..."
    ka "I wanted to know if...anything was...happening with...you two."

    if bonus == False:
        ka "Like...hugging and stuff..."

    s "…"
    ka "I’m so sorry, Sensei...I know it’s not true, but...I need to hear it with my own ears or..."
    ka "Or I won’t be able to stop thinking about things that make my heart beat even harder than it normally does around you."
    ka "And I need my heart. It’s the most important organ in my body."
    ka "And it has a huge career ahead of itself in the circus as a trapeze artist and-"
    s "Karin, calm down."
    ka "Kirin’s my little sister, Sensei. To protect her, I need to know what she’s getting into and..."
    ka "And I need to know...who she’s..."
    ka "…"
    s "…"

    "I sigh to myself and search for a small pile of snow to kick up. "
    "Unfortunately, there’s none around today and I suddenly find myself kicking the air and looking either very confused or flat-out weird."
    "There’s no easy way to answer this."
    "I either tell her the truth about the relationship between Kirin and me, breaking her poor little heart while providing her much needed solace..."
    "Or-"

    if bonus == True:
        "I lie about everything and hope she’s gullible enough to believe someone twice her age, yet ten times more lost than she’ll ever be."
    else:
        "I run away and hope she doesn't notice."

    "Decisions, decisions."

    ka "Sensei...are you...{i}involved{/i} with Kirin?..."
    ka "That’s...the only way I can word it without wanting to pull my hands off and feed them to this little kitty."
    s "How would you even pull the second-"
    s "You know what? Never mind."
    s "Karin-"

    menu:
        "I’m not interested in her":
            s "I don’t see Kirin that way."
            s "She’s a cute girl and...she's nice, I guess?"
            s "But there’s no way I’d ever be romantically interested in her."

            if bonus == False:
                s "Or anyone, for that matter. I don't like things like that."
            else:
                s "At least not without some serious changes to her personality and...outlook on things."

            "I start saying the first things that come to mind."
            "Things that Karin would be sure to believe given her inherent understanding of the girl we’re talking about."
            "But I have no idea how much, if any of it, she’ll believe."
            "I don't even know if any of what I'm saying is true."

            if bonus == True:
                "Kirin and I have already crossed a line together that..."
                "Well-"
                "A line that would probably make her sister cry."
                "And I don’t want to make Karin cry."
                "So I lie through my teeth and hope she eats up every single, dishonest word I have to say."
            else:
                "I just don't want Karin to cry because she is nice and crying is something that should only happen to girls who break the rules."

            ka "…"
            s "…"
            ka "…"
            s "…"

            scene karincat25
            with dissolve

            ka "God...I am...{i}SO{/i}...so happy to hear that."

            if bonus == True:
                "Dishonesty reigns supreme."
                "I fall closer to happiness and further from pure morality all at once."
            else:
                "Yaaaaaaay! I did it!"

            scene karincat26
            with dissolve

            ka "To be honest, I was...kind of worried that maybe it was already a little too late...but..."
            ka "But now I’m feeling...a lot better."
            ka "And...and that also means that..."
            ka "That maybe there’s...hope for..."
            s "…"

            scene karincat27
            with dissolve

            ka "I’m...I’m gonna go, Sensei!"
            ka "I suddenly have this crazy urge to run and...and I want to make sure I have time to finish my homework and..."
            ka "And there are...fliers and...um..."
            ka "Uhh..."
            ka "Bye! And thank you!"
            ka "Thank you so much!"

            scene karincat28
            with dissolve

            "Karin grabs everything near her (Including the cat) and presses it all against her chest as she runs away."
            "A soft meow can be heard fading from earshot."

            s "…"
            s "What exactly was she thanking me for?"

            scene black
            with dissolve2

            if bonus == True:
                "{i}Congratulations! You are a liar!{/i}"
                "{i}Let’s hope Karin never finds out you came in her sister’s mouth!{/i}"
            else:
                "{i}Congratulations! You are the huggy boy!{/i}"

            $ renpy.end_replay()
            $ karinlied = True
            $ day264 = True
            $ karin_love += 1
            stop music fadeout 5.0

            "{i}Karin’s affection has increased to [karin_love]!{/i}"

            if bonus == True:
                "{i}Maybe one day, you’ll get to cum in her mouth as well!{/i}"

            "………"
            "……"
            "…"

            jump afterschoolevent

        "I’m already involved with her" if bonus == True:
            s "…"
            s "I’m going to be completely honest."
            s "All of those things you’re worried about-"
            s "Chances are they’ve already happened."

            scene karincat29
            with dissolve2

            ka "A..."
            ka "Already?..."
            ka "What do you mean by already?"
            s "I mean that Kirin and I might already be “involved.”"
            s "But I don’t think it would be good for you two if you were to mention knowing that."
            s "I kind of didn’t want to tell you anything in the first place, but...you’re her sister. So you have the right to know."
            ka "What...what do you mean by “already?”"
            ka "What...what did you do to her?"
            s "“With” her. Not to her."
            s "That’s a completely different thing."
            s "It’s not like I’m taking advantage of her. If anything, she came onto me."

            "Well, I came onto her as well, but-"
            "Yeah."

            ka "I..."
            ka "I..."

            scene karincat30
            with dissolve

            ka "S...Sorry...this is just a bit of a shock to me..."
            ka "Hahah...hah..."
            ka "This...this is what I get for poking my nose in stuff that’s not my business, right?"

            scene karincat31
            with dissolve

            ka "Hahah...hahahaha!"
            ka "The...the best part is that...I never would have found out if she’d have just shown up today."

            scene karincat32
            with dissolve

            ka "You’ll be good to her at least...right?..."
            ka "She can be mean at times, but she’s such a sweet girl..."
            ka "And she has so much love to give..."
            ka "I’m glad she...she finally found someone who...she wants to..."
            s "…"
            ka "…"

            scene karincat33
            with dissolve

            ka "Already?..."
            ka "Really?..."
            s "…"
            ka "How is that fair?..."
            ka "I..."
            ka "I...haven’t even..."

            "Karin trails off before she finishes her last thought, but it’s pretty clear which direction it was headed in."
            "Kirin got the jump on her and it broke her in the process."
            "Or saved her, depending on how you look at it."
            "And she can’t even feel properly betrayed since she never made an effort to do anything about her own feelings in the first place."
            "Honesty hurts sometimes."
            "In fact, honesty hurts most of the time."
            "And all of those people who tell you honesty is the best policy-"
            "They’re going to really hurt someone one day."
            "But they’ll be too high up on the pedestals they craft of their comrades' bones to ever even notice."

            s "…"

            "I look down at Karin from atop my pedestal."
            "And can’t help but wonder how much longer it will take for her senseless crying to cease."

            scene karincat34
            with dissolve

            ka "Hah...if it were any colder out here, I think my tears would freeze."
            s "Karin..."
            ka "If you’re worried about me telling anyone...don’t be."
            ka "Unless you hurt her."
            ka "If you break my little sister’s heart...I’ll...I’ll do something about it."
            ka "I have no idea what, but...don’t mess with me..."

            scene karincat35
            with dissolve

            ka "G-Got it...Sensei?"
            s "I’d be a little more intimidated if you had pepper spray."
            ka "Looks like I’m stopping at the convenience store on the way back, then..."
            ka "Do you, um..."
            ka "Do you know if Kirin is coming home tonight?"
            s "No clue. I haven’t seen her today."
            ka "Then she probably wants you to go look for her..."
            s "Nah. I’m sure she’s just with her friends or something."
            ka "Heh...looks like you’ve still got a lot to learn..."

            scene black
            with dissolve2

            "Karin gathers her things and begins to walk away."
            "She doesn’t say goodbye, but that’s probably because she starts sobbing the second her eyes break contact with mine."
            "Her walk turns into a jog. "
            "The jog into a run."
            "A flier falls out of her bag as she makes a sharp turn around the corner."
            "And I feel it will be slightly longer before the soccer team recruits any new members."

            $ renpy.end_replay()
            $ karinlied = False
            $ day264 = True
            $ karin_love += 1
            stop music fadeout 5.0

            "{i}Karin’s affection somehow increases to [karin_love]!{/i}"
            "{i}But she cries the whole way home.{/i}"
            "{i}She really liked you.{/i}"
            "………"
            "……"
            "…"

            jump afterschoolevent
        "Run away and hope she doesn't notice" if bonus == False:
            scene black
            with dissolve2

            "I take off down the street as quickly as I can, but trip over some snow and get a boo-boo on my knee."

            ka "Where did Sensei go?"

            "Thankfully, it appears that Karin does not notice and I am able to successfully escape, likely ruining the context of future events in the process."

            $ renpy.end_replay()
            $ karinlied = False
            $ day264 = True
            $ karin_love += 1
            stop music fadeout 5.0

            "{i}Karin’s affection somehow increases to [karin_love]!{/i}"
            "………"
            "……"
            "…"

            jump afterschoolevent


label day269:
...
```

## Code that triggers this event

File: (install folder)\game\script.rpy

Code:
```python
...
jump day54
    if totaldays >= 55 and pornshop10 == True and makotonew1 == False:
        jump makotonew1
    if totaldays >= 56 and shrine5 == True and day56 == False:
        jump day56
    if totaldays >= 60 and ayanenew2 == True and ayanenew3 == False:
        jump ayanenew3
    if totaldays >= 63 and rindorm20 == True and day63 == False:
        jump day63
    if totaldays >= 64 and futabanew1 == True and day72 == True and futabanew2 == False:
        jump futabanew2
    if totaldays >= 65 and bar15 == True and cafe20 == True and day65 == False:
        jump day65
    if totaldays >= 68 and ayane_lust >= 5 and day68 == False:
        jump day68
    if totaldays >= 70 and bar10 == True and day70 == False:
        jump day70
    if totaldays >= 72 and day70 == True and day72 == False:
        jump day72
    if totaldays >= 77 and day77 == False:
        jump day77
    if totaldays >= 79 and day == 5 and chikadorm15 == True and day79 == False:
        jump day79
    if totaldays >= 83 and mikudorm10 == True and day83 == False:
        jump day83
    if totaldays >= 85 and streets10 == True and day85 == False:
        jump day85
    if totaldays >= 86 and futaba_lust >= 5 and day == 5 and day86 == False:
        jump day86
    if totaldays >= 89 and day65 == True and day89 == False:
        jump day89
    if totaldays >= 91 and day63 == True and day65 == True and day91 == False:
        jump day91
    if totaldays >= 96 and day == 1 and shrine15 == True and ayanenew1 == True and day96 == False:
        jump day96
    if totaldays >= 98 and ami_lust >= 5 and day98 == False:
        jump day98
    if totaldays >= 103 and day102 == True and day103 == False:
        jump day103
    if totaldays >= 110 and day103 == True and day110 == False:
        jump day110
    if totaldays >= 114 and day103 == True and bar20 == True and day114 == False:
        jump day114
    if totaldays >= 120 and day103 == True and day91 == True and day120 == False:
        jump day120
    if totaldays >= 121 and day85 == True and day103 == True and day121 == False:
        jump day121
    if totaldays >= 126 and day103 == True and streets15 == True and chikadorm15 == True and day126 == False:
        jump day126
    if totaldays >= 128 and day103 == True and day126 == True and day == 5 and day128 == False:
        jump day128
    if totaldays >= 138 and day103 == True and day130 == True and day85 == True and day138 == False:
        jump day138
    if totaldays >= 139 and chika_lust >= 5 and chikadorm20 == True and mall20 == True and chikadetention == True and day139 == False or chikadorm20 == True and mall20 == True and chika_lust >= 10 and day139 == False:
        jump day139
    if totaldays >= 140 and day138 == True and day140 == False:
        jump day140
    if totaldays >= 142 and amidorm15 == True and day140 == True and day142 == False:
        jump day142
    if totaldays >= 144 and day128 == True and day142 == True and day144 == False:
        jump day144
    if totaldays >= 150 and day144 == True and streets15 == True and cafe20 == True and soccer10 == True and day150 == False:
        jump day150
    if totaldays >= 153 and day150 == True and day153 == False:
        jump day153
    if totaldays >= 154 and day153 == True and day154 == False:
        jump day154
    if (totaldays >= 200 and day == 5 and beachvacation16 == True and chikainvite1 == True and harukadate1 == True and kaoridate1 == True and cafe25 == True and bar25 == True and mayadorm25 == True
    and mikudorm15 == True and streets25 == True and makotoinvite2 == True and makidate1 == True and rindorm35 == True and halloween1 == False):
        jump halloween1
    if totaldays >= 214 and makidate5 == True and halloween14 == True and makotodorm25 == True and mikudorm30 == True and amidorm25 == True and day == 1 and day214 == False:
        jump day214
    if totaldays >= 215 and day214 == True and day == 2 and day215 == False:
        jump day215
    if totaldays >= 216 and day215 == True and day == 3 and day216 == False:
        jump day216
    if totaldays >= 217 and day216 == True and day == 4 and day217 == False:
        jump day217
    if totaldays >= 218 and day217 == True and day == 5 and day218 == False:
        jump day218
    if totaldays >= 230 and makoto_lust >= 10 and christmas7 == True and makotolust10 == False:
        jump makotolust10
    if totaldays >= 237 and day == 1 and christmas7 == True and day237 == False:
        jump day237
    if totaldays >= 239 and day == 3 and day237 == True and day239 == False:
        jump day239
    if totaldays >= 240 and day == 4 and day239 == True and day240 == False:
        jump day240
    if totaldays >= 244 and day == 1 and day240 == True and day244 == False:
        jump day244
    if totaldays >= 246 and day == 3 and day244 == True and day246 == False:
        jump day246
    if totaldays >= 247 and day == 4 and day246 == True and day247 == False:
        jump day247
    if totaldays >= 261 and day == 3 and day247 == True and kirininvite2 == True and bar35 == True and day261 == False:
        jump day261
    if totaldays >= 263 and day == 5 and day261 == True and day263 == False:
        jump day263
    if totaldays >= 264 and day == 1 and day263 == True and day264 == False:
        jump day264
...
```