# Call Me By Your Name (Main)

[Back to event list](./../)

This is generated automatically through code analysis and may include mistakes. For the interactive version of this tool, which looks at your latest savegame to hint the next see the [walkthrough tool here](https://github.com/largestack/Lessons-In-Love-Guide-Tool/blob/main/README.md).



## Event preconditions

* Days since the start of the game greater than or equal to 297

* Day of week is Friday

* Event [The Color of a Heart](./day295parttwo.md) (Main) is completed)



## Next events

* [Main: Lives and Minds of Laymen](./day302.md)

## Event properties

* Id: day297
* Group: Main
* Triggered by label: weekdaymorning
* Triggered by branch label: weekdaymorning
* Triggered by path: weekdaymorning->day297

## Official wiki page

[Call Me By Your Name](https://lessonsinlove.wiki/index.php?title=Special%3ASearch&search=day297&go=Go) for more details.

## Event code

File: (install folder)\game\ch2script.rpy

Code:
```python
...
label day297:
    scene toukafirstday1
    with dissolve
    play music "justbehappy.mp3"

    ay "So yeah! That’s basically how I wound up becoming the adoptive mother of an energy draining chicken named Todd!"
    u "Woah! I had no idea the story behind that little guy was so heart wrenching and inspiring, Ayane! "
    s "When exactly did my podium become a place for bird related gossip?"

    scene toukafirstday2
    with dissolve

    u "This here’s a free country, Sensei. Every podium is a bird gossip podium if you try hard and believe in yourself!"
    ay "Also, Nodoka stole my desk and has just been sitting there staring off into space for the last hour or so, so I have nothing else to do."
    ay "But it actually works out perfectly since I wanted to be around you anyway!"
    s "You always want to be around me. Don’t make it sound like some sort of special occurrence."
    u "Yes, yes! Flirt harder! Just what I need to get my blood pumpin’ first thing in the morning!"
    s "This doesn’t really constitute flirting, Uta."
    s "I figured if anyone would know that, it would be you."

    scene toukafirstday3
    with dissolve

    u "Hey, now! Don’t go giving my good friend here any ideas about our totally platonic relationship, Sensei."

    if bonus == True:
        u "I understand that you may be in love with me, but I am far too [young]to get involved with a man like you unless the price is right."
    else:
        u "I understand that you may be in love with me, but I don't hug unless the price is right."

    s "What is the price? Just name it and I’ll make it happen."
    u "Six million US dollars."
    s "Ayane, can I borrow six million US dollars?"

    scene toukafirstday4
    with dissolve

    ay "How much money do you think my family made off of unpoppable bubble wrap, Sensei?"
    ay "We may be rich, but even we can’t hand out that much just because it will help you purchase Uta."
    s "So it’s not the fact that I want to purchase her, it’s the fact that she’s too expensive."
    u "I’m a high quality product made with only the finest ingredients."

    scene toukafirstday5
    with dissolve

    if bonus == True:
        ay "Also, you can have me for free. And I’ll do everything that Uta can plus more."
        u "That’s right, Sensei. And she doesn’t even need to talk to her parents first."
        u "This baby right here can fit so much Sensei inside of her that you could probably even clone yourself and she still wouldn’t be satisfied."
    else:
        u "Like truffles or saffron. You know, shit like that."

    scene toukafirstday6
    with dissolve

    if bonus == True:
        ay "Oh, Uta. You say the strangest things sometimes. As if I’d ever need more than one Sensei."
        u "That’s what she says...but just look at those eyes! She’s clearly in heat!"
        u "In fact, she's so hot that just one Sensei wouldn’t even come close to-"
        s "Please don’t continue saying things like this in a classroom full of girls who would likely kill both you and me for carrying on any longer."
    else:
        ay "Oh, Uta. You say the strangest things sometimes."
        u "Free Joe Exotic!"

    scene toukafirstday7
    with dissolve

    u "Back to the matter at hand, then!"
    s "What matter at hand? You two spent ten minutes talking about a chicken. What more could there possibly be to say?"
    u "No, no! Not chicken stuff!"
    u "Ayane and me didn’t just stumble on over here because Nodoka went into hibernation mode. We came over because we had an idea to run by you!"
    s "An idea? What kind of idea?"

    scene toukafirstday8
    with dissolve

    ay "So, you know how the beach trip thing is right around the corner even though it’s the middle of winter?"
    s "Yes. This has been a recurring subject lately."
    s "Do you two need me to watch you try on swimsuits as well?"

    if bonus == True:
        s "Because that isn't really something I am interested in, but I will do it if you require financial advice and budgeting tips."

    scene toukafirstday9
    with dissolve

    u "As well? Who did ya watch the first time?"
    u "Wait, don’t tell me! It’s gotta be-"
    s "No one."
    s "Am I right, though?"

    if bonus == True:
        ay "Not really. I mean, I’d be more than happy to try on anything you want me to try on in front of you, but that’s not why we’re here."
        u "I don’t know my parents' rules for gettin’ changed in front of boys, but I’m pretty sure I’m not allowed to do that."
        s "Then what? What would be so important that you would interrupt my incredibly busy schedule to-"

        scene toukafirstday10
        with dissolve

        ay "An orgy."
        s "Done. Let’s go."
        u "An orgy of {i}fun.{/i}"
        s "…"
        s "I don’t know what that means, but as long as it’s still an orgy, I’m game."
    else:
        ay "Yes. And as payment, I promise to stop talking about bone necklaces for a full 24 hours."
        s "!!!"

    scene toukafirstday11
    with dissolve

    if bonus == True:
        ay "Okay, now that we have your attention, we should clarify that it isn’t really an orgy at all."
    else:
        ay "Okay, now that we have your attention,I want to clarify that my last sentence was a lie."

    s "You already had my attention. Making false promises is just going to ruin my day."
    s "Why would you do this to me?"
    u "Because yeah!"
    s "What does that even mean?..."

    scene toukafirstday12
    with dissolve

    u "All you really need to know is that Ayane and me are plannin’ a thing that we’re gonna need your help for soon!"
    s "Why not right now? I have some time to kill."
    u "It wouldn’t be balanced enough! We need to even the playing field!"
    u "Thankfully, my cute girl senses are tingling and we’re about to get one step closer!"
    s "Why do you have cute girl senses and what can I do to also get them?"
    u "Just close your eyes and {i}believe,{/i} Sensei..."

    scene black
    with dissolve

    "I close my eyes and attempt to believe."
    "The only issue is that I have no idea what I’m believing in and-"

    play sound "slidedoor.mp3"

    tb "Excuse us..."
    s "…"

    "{i}You have maybe(?) acquired Uta-chan’s second secret ability, cute girl sense!{/i}"

    scene toukafirstday13
    with dissolve

    tb "Hello again. And thanks for allowing my daughter to join your classroom."
    to "Yes...Thank you very much for accepting me on such short notice. "
    to "I do understand that my appearance may come at a rather inconvenient time, but I’m excited to get to know every-"

    scene toukafirstday14
    with dissolve

    to "Wait...You wouldn’t happen to be the commoner I ran into at the dojo months prior, would you?"
    tb "Touka, darling. This man is your teacher now. You can not be calling him a commoner. "

    scene toukafirstday15
    with dissolve

    to "Ah! I sincerely apologize if I offended you."
    to "It’s just that the people I typically associate with are a lot...different from the ones here."
    s "Well, putting your ingrained judgementalness aside for a moment, I’d like to say hello and welcome to my totally normal classroom."
    s "I hope you enjoy never learning anything ever again for the rest of your [high_school] life."

    scene toukafirstday16
    with dissolve

    to "I beg your pardon?"
    tb "Hahahah! See? Isn’t he hilarious?"
    tb "It’s the perfect environment for you, dear."

    scene toukafirstday17
    with dissolve

    tb "But, just to be sure, how about I stay here and observe you for the rest of the period? Just to make sure everything is up to our...expectations, of course."
    s "That won’t be necess-"
    to "That sounds splendid. Thank you kindly, mother."
    s "Okay. I guess Tsubasa will be here today too. "

    "I can already tell that this is not going to go well."

    scene toukafirstday18
    with dissolve

    o "Holy crap. What’s the princess of Kumon-mi doing in our classroom?"
    f "Princess of Kumon-mi?"

    scene toukafirstday19
    with dissolve

    o "She’s like...totally loaded."
    o "Like, loaded enough to have a classroom in our last[school] with her very own teachers and her very own lunch period and just..."
    o "I don’t know. She’s got a lot of money."
    r "I like her hat. "
    f "It’s...a good hat?"
    r "I want to wear her hat."

    scene toukafirstday20
    with dissolve

    o "Uhh...cool."
    sa "What is...um...a princess...doing in our class?"
    o "That’s what I want to know."
    o "I could have sworn that I wouldn’t be seeing her again until our last[school] was...unearthed or rebuilt or whatever it is that family is doing to put it back together."
    f "Her family is funding the new Kumon-mi Academy?"
    o "That’s what I heard at least. But they own like 10%% of the entire district, so it would make sense."
    r "What does her family even do?"
    o "Beats me. Rich people stuff? Yakuza, maybe?"
    f "She doesn’t look like the yakuza type..."
    r "Yeah. We already have a girl with connections like that and she’s basically the opposite of rich anyway."
    o "Well...whatever the case...I doubt she’ll last."
    o "I give it like a week before she’s gone again. Calling it now."

    scene toukafirstday21
    with fade

    to "I’d like to thank you for allowing my mother to stay here and supervise."
    to "I can assure you it will be just for today."
    to "It’s my very first time in a classroom with other girls my age, so I’m a little nervous."
    s "Just don’t call anyone a commoner or a peasant and I’m sure you’ll be fine."
    to "Understood!"
    to "Now, where is my desk? I’d like to begin today’s lessons with English, if you wouldn’t mind."
    s "..."
    s "Yeah, that’s not how things really work here."

    scene toukafirstday22
    with dissolve

    to "It’s not?"
    s "It’s not."
    mo "Kendo Princess, the time has come to choose a name for our newest recruit! "
    mo "I am thinking something seductive...like...maybe some sort of succubus name?"
    mo "Are you familiar with succubi?"
    t "Suck ...what?"
    t "Please do not try to get me to do anything strange in the middle of class, Emerald Guardian."
    to "Do your students always spend their free time discussing...whatever those two are discussing?"
    s "They do. And you’ll be doing the same starting now."
    to "But...how will this impact my education?"
    to "If I don’t receive enough attention, I’ll fall behind in my studies and-"
    s "You’ll be fine. Don’t worry about it."

    scene toukafirstday23
    with dissolve

    to "What do you mean, “Don’t worry about it?” You are a teacher. It is literally your job to {i}teach.{/i}"
    to "If you aren’t willing to do even that much, I’ll talk to my mother and have myself transferred right now."
    s "Sure. See ya. "
    s "It was nice seeing you again."

    scene toukafirstday24
    with dissolve

    to "You-"
    to "Show some respect! Do you have any idea who I am?"
    s "Some rich girl looking for special treatment."

    scene toukafirstday25
    with dissolve

    to "How...{i}dare{/i} you..."
    to "Mother! "

    play sound "slidedoor.mp3"

    c "Oh, Tsubasa! You’re already here."

    scene toukafirstday26
    with dissolve

    tb "Good afternoon, dear! Don’t mind me. I’m just here to observe my daughter’s first day in her new[school]."
    to "Mo...Mother? Hello?"
    to "I am being abused. I require assistance."
    s "Being treated like everyone else isn’t {i}abuse{/i}, Tooru."

    scene toukafirstday27
    with dissolve

    to "My name is {i}Touka!{/i}"
    s "Tomoko?"

    scene toukafirstday28
    with hpunch

    to "TOUKA!"
    to "TOUKA TSUKIOKA OF THE TSUKIOKA FAMILY! THE WEALTHIEST FAMILY IN KUMON-MI!"
    to "YOU WILL REFER TO ME BY MY PROPER NAME OR-"
    s "Why don’t you go take a seat, Toshiko?"
    to "MOTHER! CALL FATHER IMMEDIATELY! I WANT THIS MAN ARRESTED!"
    tb "No can do, dear! I’ve already entrusted your future to him."

    scene toukafirstday29
    with dissolve

    to "I am to {i}wed{/i} this heathen?!"
    ay "Not if I have a say in it..."

    scene toukafirstday30
    with dissolve

    to "Wait...you’re the {i}other{/i} person from the dojo!"
    to "Ayane Amamiya! I remember that name."
    ay "Nice to see you again, Touka. Are you transferring into our class?"

    scene toukafirstday31
    with dissolve

    to "That was the plan. But it appears that our teacher has decided to do anything but the job he is being paid for. "
    to "Not to mention I’m not seeing my special desk anywhere in sight."
    s "Special desk? "
    to "Of course. I’ve been using the same desk since elementary[school] and I refuse to study without-"
    tb "Oh, Touka darling...That desk wouldn’t fit in the classroom. So you’ll be using a standard one starting today."

    scene toukafirstday32
    with dissolve

    to "St...Standard?"
    ay "You...do actually remember her name, right?"
    s "Of course. But I’m not going to let some girl start dictating the way I run my class just because she comes from money."
    s "I’d do the same thing if you started making me give you special lessons."

    scene toukafirstday33
    with dissolve

    if bonus == True:
        ay "Oh, you’ve given me plenty of “special lessons,” Sensei."
        to "How is it at all fair that she receives special lessons and I do not?"
        s "She is...not talking about the same type of lessons you are, Tama."
    else:
        ay "I want special lessons! This college doesn't have a course on forensic pathology and I really need to know a lot more about that for reasons I can't discuss here!"

    scene toukafirstday34
    with dissolve

    to "…"
    s "…"
    ay "Um..."
    to "I will not allow my mind to be tampered with by a man like you."
    s "Good. That’s probably the smartest thing you could do right now. "

    scene toukafirstday35
    with dissolve

    s "The first step to truly experiencing the outside world is to not imagine that everything revolves around you."
    s "You won’t get special treatment while you’re here, because you’re no more special than anyone else."
    s "If you can’t accept that, you should probably just go back home to your butlers and your maids or whatever and study at your “special desk.”"
    s "But, if you want to see what “commoners” live like, feel free to stick around."
    to "…"
    s "…"
    ay "…"

    scene toukafirstday36
    with hpunch

    to "Mother! Call father immediately!"

    "Damn. I thought for a second that might actually work."

    scene toukafirstday37
    with fade

    tb "What’s wrong, my love?"
    to "This[school] is bad. I want to return to the manor."
    tb "The day just started, dear. You can’t go home yet. "
    to "What do you mean I can’t go home? How am I supposed to learn without my desk and without a teacher?"
    c "We have a teacher. He’s just a little weird."
    s "Hey."
    to "“A little weird” seems to be quite the understatement. "
    c "You’ll get used to it. "
    c "I’m Chika, by the way. I’m kind of friends with your mom, I guess. So I hope you and I can get along as well."

    scene toukafirstday38
    with dissolve

    to "Get along? With me?"
    c "Yeah! You’re new here, and that can be pretty overwhelming at first."
    c "Especially when I’m sure everything is like, totally different from your last[school]."
    c "But, weirdly enough, you’re in pretty good hands. This place really isn’t all that bad. "
    c "So if you ever need somebody to talk to or anything like that, just come look for me in the back of the classroom."

    scene toukafirstday39
    with dissolve

    to "Oh! Um..."
    to "Thank you very much, Chika. I’m very excited to get to know you."
    s "And then everyone lived happily ever-"

    scene toukafirstday40
    with dissolve

    to "Silence. I may not understand how to act in places like this, but even I can understand when I am being ridiculed."
    to "At the very least, please address me by my actual name. It may be a silly thing to press you on, but it is very important to me."
    s "Fine. "
    s "Welcome to the class, Touka."

    scene toukafirstday41
    with dissolve

    to "…"
    to "Thank you very much..."
    tb "Oh my. This is the cutest expression I’ve seen on your face in years. "
    tb "I {i}knew{/i} this[school] was the right choice for you."

    scene toukafirstday42
    with dissolve

    to "Wha-"
    to "The climate control in this room is just...virtually non-existent!"
    to "If my face is as red as it feels, that is the reason why! This is no cute expression!"
    to "And...And it has nothing to do with embarrassment! I swear!"
    tb "Right, dear. Of course it doesn’t."

    scene toukafirstday43
    with dissolve

    to "Mm..."
    tb "Well, it's premature, but I suppose I’ve seen all I’ve needed to see here."

    "What? It's been like two minutes."

    tb "I understand that there will be no special treatment for her, but please at least see to it that my daughter makes it to her limo after the[school] day ends."
    s "You’re sending a limo for her?"
    tb "She has fencing lessons shortly after the final bell in a remote location that only our driver is familiar with. "
    tb "That much shouldn’t be a problem, should it?"
    s "I...guess not?"
    tb "Splendid. "
    tb "And thank you again for taking her in at such an inconvenient time of the year. We really do appreciate it."
    to "…"
    tb "Touka, please thank your teacher."
    to "…"
    to "{size=-15}...you.{/size}"
    tb "Louder, dear."

    scene toukafirstday44
    with hpunch

    to "TH-TH-THANKYOUFORLOOKINGAFTERME!"
    to "I WILL NOW GO SIT AT MY STANDARD, NOT SPECIAL DESK AND NOT LEARN ABOUT ENGLISH!"
    to "GOODBYE!"

    scene black
    with dissolve2

    "Touka doesn’t choose a desk right away, but instead bashfully walks over to Ayane and tugs on her sleeve."
    "It seems that Ayane understands exactly what Touka needs (Probably due to rich girl senses or something) and then proceeds to find her a free desk."
    "The two of them sit down together and begin to talk as I see Tsubasa out."
    "Chika winds up leaving at the same time after receiving a call from her sister, so she isn’t able to help Touka get any more accustomed to life here than she’s already become over the last twenty minutes or so."
    "Either way, the rest of the day proceeds pretty normally and then, just as all things do, it comes to an end."
    "I’m not sure if Touka likes it here yet, but I guess I’ve been lucky enough so far to have almost every new student be welcomed with open arms immediately."
    "At the very least, even if she doesn’t wind up liking me (Which I’m sure she will because I’m me), she’ll have Ayane and Chika."
    "And anyone else willing to look past her outward appearance and social status."
    "Which, judging by the mood of the room-"
    "Does not seem like many people."

    $ renpy.end_replay()
    $ touka_love += 1
    $ day297 = True
    stop music fadeout 5.0

    "{i}Touka’s affection has increased to [touka_love]!{/i}"
    "………"
    "……"
    "…"

    jump afterschoolevent

label day302:
...
```

## Code that triggers this event

File: (install folder)\game\script.rpy

Code:
```python
...
jump day83
    if totaldays >= 85 and streets10 == True and day85 == False:
        jump day85
    if totaldays >= 86 and futaba_lust >= 5 and day == 5 and day86 == False:
        jump day86
    if totaldays >= 89 and day65 == True and day89 == False:
        jump day89
    if totaldays >= 91 and day63 == True and day65 == True and day91 == False:
        jump day91
    if totaldays >= 96 and day == 1 and shrine15 == True and ayanenew1 == True and day96 == False:
        jump day96
    if totaldays >= 98 and ami_lust >= 5 and day98 == False:
        jump day98
    if totaldays >= 103 and day102 == True and day103 == False:
        jump day103
    if totaldays >= 110 and day103 == True and day110 == False:
        jump day110
    if totaldays >= 114 and day103 == True and bar20 == True and day114 == False:
        jump day114
    if totaldays >= 120 and day103 == True and day91 == True and day120 == False:
        jump day120
    if totaldays >= 121 and day85 == True and day103 == True and day121 == False:
        jump day121
    if totaldays >= 126 and day103 == True and streets15 == True and chikadorm15 == True and day126 == False:
        jump day126
    if totaldays >= 128 and day103 == True and day126 == True and day == 5 and day128 == False:
        jump day128
    if totaldays >= 138 and day103 == True and day130 == True and day85 == True and day138 == False:
        jump day138
    if totaldays >= 139 and chika_lust >= 5 and chikadorm20 == True and mall20 == True and chikadetention == True and day139 == False or chikadorm20 == True and mall20 == True and chika_lust >= 10 and day139 == False:
        jump day139
    if totaldays >= 140 and day138 == True and day140 == False:
        jump day140
    if totaldays >= 142 and amidorm15 == True and day140 == True and day142 == False:
        jump day142
    if totaldays >= 144 and day128 == True and day142 == True and day144 == False:
        jump day144
    if totaldays >= 150 and day144 == True and streets15 == True and cafe20 == True and soccer10 == True and day150 == False:
        jump day150
    if totaldays >= 153 and day150 == True and day153 == False:
        jump day153
    if totaldays >= 154 and day153 == True and day154 == False:
        jump day154
    if (totaldays >= 200 and day == 5 and beachvacation16 == True and chikainvite1 == True and harukadate1 == True and kaoridate1 == True and cafe25 == True and bar25 == True and mayadorm25 == True
    and mikudorm15 == True and streets25 == True and makotoinvite2 == True and makidate1 == True and rindorm35 == True and halloween1 == False):
        jump halloween1
    if totaldays >= 214 and makidate5 == True and halloween14 == True and makotodorm25 == True and mikudorm30 == True and amidorm25 == True and day == 1 and day214 == False:
        jump day214
    if totaldays >= 215 and day214 == True and day == 2 and day215 == False:
        jump day215
    if totaldays >= 216 and day215 == True and day == 3 and day216 == False:
        jump day216
    if totaldays >= 217 and day216 == True and day == 4 and day217 == False:
        jump day217
    if totaldays >= 218 and day217 == True and day == 5 and day218 == False:
        jump day218
    if totaldays >= 230 and makoto_lust >= 10 and christmas7 == True and makotolust10 == False:
        jump makotolust10
    if totaldays >= 237 and day == 1 and christmas7 == True and day237 == False:
        jump day237
    if totaldays >= 239 and day == 3 and day237 == True and day239 == False:
        jump day239
    if totaldays >= 240 and day == 4 and day239 == True and day240 == False:
        jump day240
    if totaldays >= 244 and day == 1 and day240 == True and day244 == False:
        jump day244
    if totaldays >= 246 and day == 3 and day244 == True and day246 == False:
        jump day246
    if totaldays >= 247 and day == 4 and day246 == True and day247 == False:
        jump day247
    if totaldays >= 261 and day == 3 and day247 == True and kirininvite2 == True and bar35 == True and day261 == False:
        jump day261
    if totaldays >= 263 and day == 5 and day261 == True and day263 == False:
        jump day263
    if totaldays >= 264 and day == 1 and day263 == True and day264 == False:
        jump day264
    if totaldays >= 269 and day == 3 and day264 == True and day269 == False:
        jump day269
    if totaldays >= 270 and day == 4 and day269 == True and day270 == False:
        jump day270
    if totaldays >= 271 and day == 5 and day270 == True and day271 == False:
        jump day271
    if totaldays >= 272 and day271 == True and onseninvite == False:
        jump day272
    if totaldays >= 280 and day == 1 and day271 == True and rindorm45 == True and iodorm10 == True and nikidate5 == True and chikaonsen4 == True and yumidorm30 == True and norikofirsthall == True and convenience5 == True and day280 == False:
        jump day280
    if totaldays >= 281 and day == 2 and day280 == True and day281 == False:
        jump day281
    if totaldays >= 282 and day == 3 and day281 == True and day282 == False:
        jump day282
    if totaldays >= 283 and day == 4 and day282 == True and day283 == False:
        jump day283
    if totaldays >= 287 and day == 1 and day283 == True and day287 == False:
        jump day287
    if totaldays >= 288 and day == 2 and day287 == True and day288 == False:
        jump day288
    if totaldays >= 295 and day == 3 and day288 == True and chikaonsen4 == True and amidate35 == True and makotowinterbeach4 == True and day295 == False:
        jump day295
    if totaldays >= 297 and day == 5 and day295parttwo == True and day297 == False:
        jump day297
...
```