# Opposites Attract (Main)

[Back to event list](./../)

This is generated automatically through code analysis and may include mistakes. For the interactive version of this tool, which looks at your latest savegame to hint the next see the [walkthrough tool here](https://github.com/largestack/Lessons-In-Love-Guide-Tool/blob/main/README.md).



## Event preconditions

* Days since the start of the game greater than or equal to 244

* Day of week is Monday

* Event [Uta's Last Stand](./day240.md) (Main) is completed)



## Next events

* [Main: All Kinds of People, All Kinds of Things](./day246.md)

## Event properties

* Id: day244
* Group: Main
* Triggered by label: weekdaymorning
* Triggered by branch label: weekdaymorning
* Triggered by path: weekdaymorning->day244

## Official wiki page

[Opposites Attract](https://lessonsinlove.wiki/index.php?title=Special%3ASearch&search=day244&go=Go) for more details.

## Event code

File: (install folder)\game\ch2script.rpy

Code:
```python
...
label day244:
    scene utapoachesio1
    with fade
    play music "oldweather.mp3"

    u "Poke."
    s "…"
    u "Pokey-poke poke."
    s "…"
    u "Pokey-pokey-pokey-pokey-poke."
    s "…"

    "So, I bet you’re wondering how I found myself in this situation."
    "It was a normal day of[school] just like any other."
    "In fact, it was so normal that it ended without any hiccups and this onslaught of poking came out of virtually nowhere."
    "Yup. "
    "I know you were expecting a little more detail as to why this small female is now walking alongside me and-"

    u "Pokey-poke."

    "And doing that."
    "But I really have no idea."

    s "Is there something you need from me, Uta?"
    u "You mean I can’t just walk side by side with you and poke you without any ulterior motives?"
    s "Is that what’s happening right now?"
    u "No. I have an ulterior motive."
    s "And what might that ulterior motive be, exactly?"
    u "You see, Sensei. I’ve got this really good friend who transferred in alongside me..."
    u "And I was just thinking that you would be my favorite person in the whole wide world if you’d be able to...oh, I don’t know-"

    scene utapoachesio2
    with dissolve

    u "Get her into our class?"
    s "And you think poking me on the way home from[school] is the way to accomplish that?"

    if bonus == True:
        u "Would you prefer I did something a little...{i}extra{/i}?"
    else:
        u "How about if I snuck a little something extra into your lunchbox?"

    s "…"
    s "What did you have in mind?"

    scene utapoachesio3
    with dissolve

    u "Ah! You thought I was being serious!"

    if bonus == True:
        u "You thought I was offering to do freaky stuff with you just now!"

    s "Why do you torment me like this?"

    scene utapoachesio4
    with dissolve

    if bonus == True:
        u "I’m sorry, Sensei. But I’m afraid that it is too cold and too wet to be doing freaky stuff right now."
        u "Plus, this is the only uniform I have and I can't afford it getting all messy."
        u "So I’m very sorry but I’m going to have to reject you once again."
        u "Please do not hold this against me. I hope we can continue to remain friends."
    else:
        u "I’m sorry, Sensei. But I don't know the first thing about making lunch. And I'm sure your accountant is already doin' that for you anyway."

    s "Hah..."
    s "What is your friend’s name?"

    scene utapoachesio5
    with dissolve

    u "Ah! Are you actually gonna do it?!"
    u "Oh my God! I love you! You’re the best ever! "
    s "I never agreed to anything. I don’t even know if something like that is in my power."
    u "Really? Cause I talked to her teacher and she said that she’s fine with you taking pretty much everybody out of her class if you want."
    s "Does your friend’s teacher have purple hair and look like she hasn’t slept in ten years?"
    u "Uh-huh. Just like that, actually."
    s "Then...maybe there {i}is{/i} something I can do after all."

    scene utapoachesio6
    with dissolve

    u "Yay!"

    if bonus == True:
        u "Just so you know though, I still can’t get freaky. I’ve barely even settled into my dorm and I wouldn’t even know where to go for something like that."
        s "I have a house, you know."

        scene utapoachesio7
        with dissolve

        u "Ooooooh you sly dog, you. Offering to take a [young_girl] home on her way out of[school]. "
        u "Don’t you live with Ami? Won’t she get jealous?"

        scene utapoachesio8
        with dissolve

        u "Wait! You want both of us! At the same time!"
        u "And in our uniforms!"
        u "I see right through you, Sensei! I had no idea you-"
        s "You really need to tone it down while we’re still on[school] grounds."
    else:
        s "Uta, please stop yelling or someone could see the two of us together and get the wrong idea. I am tired of having to explain things like that to my coworkers."
        s "Everyone already thinks I am the huggy boy. Don't you want to keep my true identity secret?"

    scene utapoachesio9
    with dissolve

    u "Yeah, probably. The more I think about it, the more we risk having one of your eleven-hundred girlfriends see us."
    u "I already lost my first fight to Yumi. I need to train before I’m ready to take on another opponent."
    s "Right..."
    s "This friend, though-"

    scene utapoachesio10
    with dissolve

    u "Oh, yeah! "
    u "I was actually thinking, if you aren’t too busy today, the two of us could go pay her a visit so you can get a feel for her."
    u "Not like a literal feel, though. "
    u "She doesn’t have to call her parents for approval or anything the way I do, but she’s not really a big people-person."
    u "But hey, who knows? You seem to draw in girls my age, so maybe she’ll be calling you Master soon, too?"
    u "Just in the good way and stuff."
    s "You really don’t hold anything back in public conversation, do you?"

    scene utapoachesio11
    with dissolve

    u "My lack of a filter will one-day be my demise."
    u "But until then, please continue taking care of me~"

    "I will take care of you forever, Uta-chan."

    s "I don’t have any plans today, so we can go meet her if you’d like."
    s "Where does she live?"

    scene utapoachesio12
    with dissolve

    u "You know that bathhouse somewhere between the maid cafe and the[school]? There."
    s "She {i}lives{/i} in a bathhouse?"
    u "Mhm. Her aunt owns the place and she helps run it. "

    if bonus == True:
        u "She’s probably working right now, but as long as you don’t mind naked people walkin’ around all...naked and stuff, we can hang out there."
        s "I don’t mind naked people at all. I actually prefer them."

        "Which is something I can safely say now that there are virtually zero men anywhere to be found."
    else:
        s "Wow, she sounds extremely responsbile and very likely delightful."
        u "Mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm not really."
        s "Oh. Well, either way, I am ready whenever you are."

    scene utapoachesio10
    with dissolve

    u "Then all aboard the Uta-Express!"

    if bonus == True:
        u "Just not like {i}aboard{/i}-aboard, if you know what I mean."
        s "Right. Because you’d have to call your parents."
        u "Yeah. This train’s out of service and can’t take on any passengers right now. Sorry, Sensei."
        s "I can’t tell if I love or hate all of these innuendos. "
        u "You love ‘em. I can see it in those big ole’ pretty eyes of yours."
        u "Now, come on! We’ve gotta get there before all the old ladies show up and start playin’ strip mahjong in the back room!"
        s "Is that...actually a thing that happens there?"
        u "Probably. You know how old ladies get."

    scene black
    with dissolve2

    if bonus == True:
        "What Uta does not know is that...I don’t know how old ladies get."
        "How is that even a thing I would know?"
        "I’ve made it overwhelmingly apparent that I hardly ever associate with anyone out of Uta’s age group- which sounds kind of sickening when I actually put it into words."
        "But that’s beside the point."
        "The matter at hand is meeting this friend of hers- who may or may not wind up making my life just as difficult as Uta is."
        "The girl’s barely left my side since she showed up in[school]."
        "And, even though I don’t really have any problem with that, maybe having someone else she knows around will get her to...ease up a bit?"
        "But, then again, there’s a chance that this will all just crash and burn in the end."
        "I guess I’ll just have to wait and see."

    "………"
    "……"
    "…"

    scene utapoachesio13
    with dissolve

    "Uta leads me into the bathhouse that I’ve been to with Ami and Ayane several times before."
    "She stops walking abruptly and quickly turns to face me. I can see her friend out of the corner of my eye and I’m slightly confused as to why we’ve yet to approach her."

    if bonus == True:
        u "Welp. Time to get naked, Sensei."
    else:
        u "Welp. Time to put on the customary Kumon-mi bathhouse bear suit, Sensei."

    s "Like, both of us?"
    u "Nope. Just you."
    u "It’s a bathhouse. It’s bad manners to be walking around in your normal clothes."
    s "But you-"
    u "My friend works here. I don’t have to follow the rules."
    s "Something tells me I should not be falling for this trick."
    u "Something tells me {i}somebody{/i} is a little self-conscious."
    s "That is definitely not what’s happening right now."

    scene utapoachesio14
    with dissolve

    u "I’m just messin’ with you anyway. But you can’t blame me for being kinda curious."

    if bonus == False:
        u "Always wanted to see a teacher in a bear suit."

    u "Now, come on! I’ll introduce you to Io."

    scene black
    with dissolve

    if bonus == True:
        "I shrug off the fact that Uta just...openly admitted to being curious about my penis (?) and follow her to the counter."

    "………"
    "……"
    "…"

    scene utapoachesio15
    with dissolve2

    u "Welp, here she is! Ain’t she a beaut?"
    s "Yeah, she's adorable."
    i "Am I...being appraised right now?"
    u "Sure are, Io."
    u "But anyway, meet Sensei. He’s the best teacher I’ve ever had and I’ve only been in his class for a week."
    i "..."
    i "Aren’t you that guy who rented out the men’s bath with that one blonde girl a while ago?"

    if bonus == True:
        s "I was really hoping you wouldn’t have remembered that."
    else:
        s "No. I'm the guy who got an individual ticket for the men's bath while my blonde counterpart got an individual ticket for the female side."
        i "Ohhhhh, right. Right."

    scene utapoachesio16
    with dissolve

    u "Blonde girl?!"
    u "Natural blonde or bleach-blonde?!"
    s "{i}That’s{/i} the part you want to know more about?..."
    u "I’ve gotta know if it was Ayane or Chika! I need to update your hit-list!"
    s "What if it wasn’t someone from the class?"

    scene utapoachesio17
    with dissolve

    if bonus == True:
        u "Ah! You scoundrel! How many girls are you seeing?!"
    else:
        u "Ah! You scoundrel! You can't hug the entire world, huggy boy!"
        s "JUST WATCH ME, UTA."

    scene utapoachesio18
    with dissolve

    i "So like...are you guys here to take baths...or?"
    i "What’s going on right now?"

    if bonus == True:
        u "Oh, no. We’re here for the naked mahjong game with the old ladies in the back."
    else:
        u "Oh, no. We’re here to play mahjong with the old ladies in the back."

    i "How many times do I have to tell you that isn’t a thing we do here?"
    u "I just don’t believe you, Io. I’m sorry."
    s "Uta here was trying to get you into my class."

    scene utapoachesio19
    with dissolve

    i "She was? "
    u "Yup!"
    i "But...why?"
    s "I...actually didn’t ask that."

    scene utapoachesio20
    with dissolve

    u "You’ve just seemed really down the last few days and I thought it might pep you up a bit being around me and stuff."
    u "I know how hard it can be making friends in new-"

    scene utapoachesio21
    with dissolve

    i "Ugh. Uta, come on. Not this again."
    u "No, no, no! Hear me out. Sensei is actually a super awesome teacher and already said he’d be fine with taking you into the class."

    scene utapoachesio22
    with dissolve

    i "Really?"
    s "I..."
    s "Yeah, I guess that’s kind of what happened."
    i "But why? You don’t even know me."
    i "I could like, be a serial killer or something."
    s "Uta vouched for you so that’s good enough for me."
    s "But also, since I’m going out of my way for you-"
    i "You want me to keep the thing about you and the blonde girl a secret?"
    s "Preferably, yes."

    if bonus == False:
        s "I know that nothing happened, but I wouldn't be able to live with myself if someone heard about it and got the wrong idea."

    i "Sure. Do whatever you want. I'm not a big fan of secrets but if that's all it takes, sure."
    i "Your business is {i}your{/i} business after all."
    s "Oh, cool. You’re the complete opposite of Uta."

    scene utapoachesio23
    with dissolve

    if bonus == True:
        u "Why is that cool?! You love me! I was ready to get freaky after this!"
    else:
        u "Why is that cool?! You love me! I was ready to hug after this!"
    s "No you weren’t. "

    if bonus == True:
        i "She hasn’t even called her parents yet."
        s "See? You’re not the only one who can see through people, Uta."

    scene utapoachesio24
    with dissolve

    u "I have so much love to give and no one who will accept it..."
    i "Um...is there like, anything you need from me to help out with the transfer thing?"
    s "Dying to get out that badly?"
    i "I mean...Yeah, a little bit I guess."
    i "I’m not going to drop out or anything if I stay in Ms. Watabe’s class, but I’d definitely like being around at least one person I know more than...zero of them."

    if bonus == True:
        i "Also, you’d be the first teacher I’ve ever gotten to see the penis of and that sounds like a fun novelty."
    else:
        i "Also, I really liked the secret eye on your abdomen and I want to learn more about it."

    scene utapoachesio25
    with dissolve

    s "Oh great. So that’s a thing you saw."
    u "What?! Io! "
    u "Your aunt says you’re only supposed to watch the cameras when people are up to no good!"

    if bonus == True:
        i "He’s an older guy who got into a bath with a girl my age. Of course I was going to think he was up to no good."
        i "Surprisingly, though, nothing happened at all."
        i "They just sat back to back and talked to each other for like two whole hours."

        "To be fair, I was totally down to do more than that but Ayane didn’t seem like she was in the best state of mind that night."
    else:
        i "I'm sorry, Uta. It's just not everyday that someone with an eye like that walks through the door."

    scene utapoachesio26
    with dissolve

    i "Really, though. If there’s anything I can do to help make this happen, just ask."
    i "The more I think about getting out of Ms. Watabe's, the more psyched up I’m getting."
    i "I’ve always done better with male teachers anyway so this is like, a totally awesome idea."
    i "Will a discount on bath-stuff sweeten the deal?! Oh! Should I throw in Uta?!"
    u "Disclaimer: Uta is not for sale. Please keep your hands in the vehicle at all times."
    s "That won’t be necessary. "
    s "I’ll do what I can but I can’t guarantee it will work out. "
    s "I’ve taken in transfer students before but I’ve never stolen one from another class."
    i "It’s not really stealing if it’s what I want, though, right? You can just tell them I’m not happy in the other class or something."
    i "Ms. Watabe is kind of a creep anyway. "
    s "She’s definitely...unique."

    scene utapoachesio27
    with dissolve

    i "Oh my God, I’m so excited and I haven’t even switched classes yet. "
    i "How many people are in there? Twenty? Twenty-five? Ms. Watabe’s class has like six hundred so-"
    s "You’d be the fourteenth."

    scene utapoachesio28
    with dissolve

    i "Only fourteen?!"
    u "Sensei, you know how they call people who are really good at getting along with everybody “social butterflies?”"
    u "Well, Io here is the complete opposite. "
    i "It’s true. I only talk to like two people. Everyone sucks. Please save me."
    s "How are you two even friends?"
    u "We were pen-pals when we were little! "

    scene utapoachesio29
    with dissolve

    i "It wasn’t until Uta moved to Kumon-mi that we finally got to meet in person."
    i "She was a little shorter than I expected. And significantly more female. But I came around to liking her anyway."
    s "Was Uta...posing as a male online?"

    scene utapoachesio30
    with dissolve

    u "No...I just had a really...masculine screen name and we never really talked about our genders."
    u "I kind of...thought Io was going to be a boy as well..."
    i "But yeah, weird origin story aside, thank you {i}so much{/i}, Sensei. "
    i "Is it okay if I call you Sensei already?"
    s "I don’t even know what else you {i}would{/i} call me."
    i "And I can move into Uta’s dorm room?"
    s "Do you not have a roommate yet, Uta?"
    u "Well, you see...another one of the reasons I wanted Io to join our class was that I...kind of get really scared at night if there’s no one around."
    i "And I’ve got all sorts of tools and metal stuff, so I can protect her if it really comes to it."
    s "Wait, what?"
    i "Don’t worry about it. Just focus on filling out all that paperwork or whatever it is you have to do and I’ll..."
    i "…"
    s "…"
    u "…"
    s "...You'll what?"

    if bonus == True:
        i "Oh, sorry. I just remembered your penis."
    else:
        i "Oh, sorry. I just remembered the ab-eye."

    u "Okay, I wanted you two to get along but I also wanted things to go a little differently than this."
    s "Really? She seems pretty great to me, Uta."

    scene utapoachesio31
    with dissolve

    i "Thanks."
    i "There are a lot of words I’d use to describe myself, but “great” isn’t anywhere close to the list."
    i "And even if you’re only doing this because Uta put you up to it, I’m...glad you’re taking a chance on me."
    i "I’ll try not to get in your hair."
    s "And {i}I’ll{/i} try to not come to the bathhouse with your future-classmates."
    i "Again, I don’t really care if you do. Your business is your business."

    if bonus == True:
        s "Then I will come to the bathhouse with {i}all of them{/i}."
        i "As long as I don’t have to clean up after you, we’re good."
        s "This is a compromise I am willing to accept. "
        s "Pleasure doing business with you, Io."
        i "Don’t sweat it. Stop by anytime you like. "
        i "Uta normally takes a bath around 8:00 every night, so if you stop by around then I can look the other way and let you walk in on her."
        s "Deal."
        i "Sweet."
        u "..."
    else:
        s "No, no. I insist. Even if we're bathing in separate sections, it is strange and I refuse to ever put any of us in that situation again."
        u "I miss my mom."
        i "That's nice, Uta."
        s "You should call her. Maintaining a healthy relationship with your family is important."
        i "But we're in the middle of a-"
        s "Io, no. She misses her mom. Let her do this."

    scene utapoachesio32
    with dissolve

    u "..."
    i "...?"

    scene utapoachesio33
    with dissolve

    u "…"
    u "Mom?"
    u "I think we need to talk."

    scene black
    with dissolve

    $ renpy.end_replay()
    $ day244 = True
    stop music fadeout 5.0

    if day >= 6:
        jump endofsat
    else:
        jump endofweekday

label day246:
...
```

## Code that triggers this event

File: (install folder)\game\script.rpy

Code:
```python
...
jump day40
    if totaldays >= 43 and amisroom10 == True and day24 == True and aminew1 == False:
        jump aminew1
    if totaldays >= 44 and day38 == True and day44 == False:
        jump day44
    if totaldays >= 48 and day48 == False:
        jump day48
    if totaldays >= 50 and cafe15 == True and day50 == False:
        jump day50
    if totaldays >= 54 and day54 == False:
        jump day54
    if totaldays >= 55 and pornshop10 == True and makotonew1 == False:
        jump makotonew1
    if totaldays >= 56 and shrine5 == True and day56 == False:
        jump day56
    if totaldays >= 60 and ayanenew2 == True and ayanenew3 == False:
        jump ayanenew3
    if totaldays >= 63 and rindorm20 == True and day63 == False:
        jump day63
    if totaldays >= 64 and futabanew1 == True and day72 == True and futabanew2 == False:
        jump futabanew2
    if totaldays >= 65 and bar15 == True and cafe20 == True and day65 == False:
        jump day65
    if totaldays >= 68 and ayane_lust >= 5 and day68 == False:
        jump day68
    if totaldays >= 70 and bar10 == True and day70 == False:
        jump day70
    if totaldays >= 72 and day70 == True and day72 == False:
        jump day72
    if totaldays >= 77 and day77 == False:
        jump day77
    if totaldays >= 79 and day == 5 and chikadorm15 == True and day79 == False:
        jump day79
    if totaldays >= 83 and mikudorm10 == True and day83 == False:
        jump day83
    if totaldays >= 85 and streets10 == True and day85 == False:
        jump day85
    if totaldays >= 86 and futaba_lust >= 5 and day == 5 and day86 == False:
        jump day86
    if totaldays >= 89 and day65 == True and day89 == False:
        jump day89
    if totaldays >= 91 and day63 == True and day65 == True and day91 == False:
        jump day91
    if totaldays >= 96 and day == 1 and shrine15 == True and ayanenew1 == True and day96 == False:
        jump day96
    if totaldays >= 98 and ami_lust >= 5 and day98 == False:
        jump day98
    if totaldays >= 103 and day102 == True and day103 == False:
        jump day103
    if totaldays >= 110 and day103 == True and day110 == False:
        jump day110
    if totaldays >= 114 and day103 == True and bar20 == True and day114 == False:
        jump day114
    if totaldays >= 120 and day103 == True and day91 == True and day120 == False:
        jump day120
    if totaldays >= 121 and day85 == True and day103 == True and day121 == False:
        jump day121
    if totaldays >= 126 and day103 == True and streets15 == True and chikadorm15 == True and day126 == False:
        jump day126
    if totaldays >= 128 and day103 == True and day126 == True and day == 5 and day128 == False:
        jump day128
    if totaldays >= 138 and day103 == True and day130 == True and day85 == True and day138 == False:
        jump day138
    if totaldays >= 139 and chika_lust >= 5 and chikadorm20 == True and mall20 == True and chikadetention == True and day139 == False or chikadorm20 == True and mall20 == True and chika_lust >= 10 and day139 == False:
        jump day139
    if totaldays >= 140 and day138 == True and day140 == False:
        jump day140
    if totaldays >= 142 and amidorm15 == True and day140 == True and day142 == False:
        jump day142
    if totaldays >= 144 and day128 == True and day142 == True and day144 == False:
        jump day144
    if totaldays >= 150 and day144 == True and streets15 == True and cafe20 == True and soccer10 == True and day150 == False:
        jump day150
    if totaldays >= 153 and day150 == True and day153 == False:
        jump day153
    if totaldays >= 154 and day153 == True and day154 == False:
        jump day154
    if (totaldays >= 200 and day == 5 and beachvacation16 == True and chikainvite1 == True and harukadate1 == True and kaoridate1 == True and cafe25 == True and bar25 == True and mayadorm25 == True
    and mikudorm15 == True and streets25 == True and makotoinvite2 == True and makidate1 == True and rindorm35 == True and halloween1 == False):
        jump halloween1
    if totaldays >= 214 and makidate5 == True and halloween14 == True and makotodorm25 == True and mikudorm30 == True and amidorm25 == True and day == 1 and day214 == False:
        jump day214
    if totaldays >= 215 and day214 == True and day == 2 and day215 == False:
        jump day215
    if totaldays >= 216 and day215 == True and day == 3 and day216 == False:
        jump day216
    if totaldays >= 217 and day216 == True and day == 4 and day217 == False:
        jump day217
    if totaldays >= 218 and day217 == True and day == 5 and day218 == False:
        jump day218
    if totaldays >= 230 and makoto_lust >= 10 and christmas7 == True and makotolust10 == False:
        jump makotolust10
    if totaldays >= 237 and day == 1 and christmas7 == True and day237 == False:
        jump day237
    if totaldays >= 239 and day == 3 and day237 == True and day239 == False:
        jump day239
    if totaldays >= 240 and day == 4 and day239 == True and day240 == False:
        jump day240
    if totaldays >= 244 and day == 1 and day240 == True and day244 == False:
        jump day244
...
```