# What Could Have Been (Main)

[Back to event list](./../)

This is generated automatically through code analysis and may include mistakes. For the interactive version of this tool, which looks at your latest savegame to hint the next see the [walkthrough tool here](https://github.com/largestack/Lessons-In-Love-Guide-Tool/blob/main/README.md).



## Event preconditions

* Days since the start of the game greater than or equal to 269

* Day of week is Wednesday

* Event [Forty Degrees Below Zero](./day264.md) (Main) is completed)



## Next events

* [Main: What Is](./day270.md)

## Event properties

* Id: day269
* Group: Main
* Triggered by label: weekdaymorning
* Triggered by branch label: weekdaymorning
* Triggered by path: weekdaymorning->day269

## Official wiki page

[What Could Have Been](https://lessonsinlove.wiki/index.php?title=Special%3ASearch&search=day269&go=Go) for more details.

## Event code

File: (install folder)\game\ch2script.rpy

Code:
```python
...
label day269:
    scene norikointro1
    with dissolve
    play music "soda.mp3"

    "Wednesday begins with somewhat of a change of fate."
    "Or, as a certain normal [teenage]girl would likely say instead, the result of an unfortunate twist in an otherwise unbending cycle."
    "Or something along the lines."
    "I actually took it upon myself to inform Maya of Kirin’s transfer plan the other day and, just as expected, something like this has never happened before."
    "Instead of getting philosophical, however, she just sighed to herself and ran her fingers through her hair, saying something I can’t quite remember as she walked off."
    "I imagine she just called me disgusting. She does that often."
    "Sure, the context of the rest of the conversation didn’t really invoke any need for me to be insulted, but that’s never stopped her before."
    "Why stop now? When things are finally becoming new and exciting?"
    "Or terrible."
    "I guess we’ll just have to wait and see."

    ki "Soooo...hey!"
    ki "I’m Kirin Kanda, and I’ve met pretty much all of you already since I totally crashed your Christmas party."
    ki "But I guess I’m here to crash your class now as well."
    ki "I’m not expecting any sort of warm welcome or anything like that, but-"

    scene norikointro2
    with hpunch

    mi "HECK YES! KIRIN KANDA AND MIKU MARUYAMA IN THE SAME CLASS!"
    mi "EVERYBODY GIVE HER A ROUND OF APPLAUSE!"
    ki "Uhh...no. Please don’t do that."

    scene norikointro3
    with dissolve

    ki "What I was trying to say before Miku jumped in...is that I hope we can all get along and...you know, be normal students together or whatever."

    scene norikointro4
    with dissolve

    ki "Sooooo...yeah. I guess if anyone has any questions or anything like that, I’d be more than happy to answer."

    if ayanelust10 == False:
        ki "If not, I’ll just take my seat and we can all pretend that I’ve been here the entire time and didn’t just randomly show up one day."

        "The class remains silent for a moment apart from Miku’s cheering and several other girls who she’s able to coax into awkwardly clapping for Kirin."
        "Kirin doesn’t react, of course."
        "She doesn’t look to me for approval, either."
        "In fact, she basically doesn’t even acknowledge my existence as soon as she gets the ball rolling."
        "It’s possible that she’s just trying to avoid raising suspicion, but-"
        "Isn’t that the opposite of what she’d normally do?"
        "Is a normal introduction in a room full of people she knows truly fun to her?"

    else:
        scene norikointro5
        with dissolve

        ay "I’ve got a question."
        ki "Oh! Ayane, my best friend in the whole wide world."
        ki "Whatever can I do for you?"
        mi "How are you and Ayane best friends?! She didn’t even clap!"
        mi "Did ya not hear my applause?!"
        ay "What are you doing?"
        ki "What do you mean? I just so happened to be transferred into this class."
        ki "Total coincidence. Kinda crazy, huh?"
        ay "Didn’t you transfer classes less than a month ago? What was wrong with your last one?"
        ki "I felt my education was lacking in my previous environment and am now looking to improve myself."
        mak "You have very much come to the wrong class, if that’s the case."
        mak "I wouldn’t mind giving you a list of teachers who, you know, {i}teach{/i} if you have a minute after[school]."

        scene norikointro1
        with dissolve

        ki "That won’t be necessary. After giving it some thought, I’ve decided that this is the right class for me."
        ki "And if anyone has a problem with that, {i}Ayane{/i}, they can take it up with Sensei personally."
        ki "He approved the transfer, so if anyone is to blame here, it’s him."

        scene norikointro6
        with dissolve

        ay "What?..."
        ay "Sensei..."
        ay "You could have at least given me a warning, or..."
        s "To be completely honest, she just kind of sprung it on me out of nowhere."
        ki "You did approve it, though."
        s "Yes. I did approve it."
        a "Is something wrong, Ayane? I thought you and Kirin were kind of close?"

        scene norikointro7
        with dissolve

        ay "Yeah..."
        ay "Me too..."

    scene norikointro8
    with dissolve

    ki "Welp, I suppose this concludes my introduction!"
    ki "I’d like to thank everyone for accepting me to the class and give a special thanks to Miku for making several people awkwardly clap for me."
    ki "I totally didn’t hate that at all."

    scene black
    with dissolve

    "Kirin grabs her bag off of the ground and makes her way over to an unoccupied desk on the left hand side of the room."
    "She sits next to Io."
    "And, as expected of someone as outgoing as her, she immediately tries to strike up a conversation."
    "Unfortunately for Kirin, she picked one of the absolute worst people to talk to."
    "Nothing against Io, of course. It’s just..."
    "Well-"

    scene norikointro9
    with dissolve

    ki "Hey. Are you new here as well? I don’t remember seeing you at the Christmas party."
    i "My old[school] exploded."
    ki "Ooooh, a transfer then? How are you liking this place compared to the last one?"
    i "It’s...a[school], I guess."
    i "I’m sorry, are you trying to become friends or something? Because I’m not really interested."

    scene norikointro10
    with dissolve

    ki "Uhh...excuse me?"
    u "Io! You know darn well that’s not how you’re supposed to talk to people you’re meeting for the first time!"
    i "So, what? You want me to lie to her and tell her I want to paint our nails and go shopping for flowers or something?"
    u "Yes! Kind of!"
    u "I want you to actually {i}want{/i} to do that!"
    u "Ya can’t just rely on me forever, ya know?"

    scene norikointro11
    with dissolve

    i "Please do excuse my rude behavior, Kanda-san. "
    i "I would absolutely adore the prospect of painting each other’s nails and perusing the local florist for hydrangeas if you’d be so inclined."
    ki "…"
    i "…"
    ki "I..."
    ki "I kind of like you for some reason."
    i "Please don’t. I am not worth it."

    play sound "slidedoor.mp3"
    stop music fadeout 40.0

    w "Please help."
    w "I can’t do it anymore."

    scene norikointro12
    with dissolve

    s "Wakana? What’s up?"
    w "Please use my last name in front of the students, you pathetic waste of carbon."
    s "Wakana Watabe, what’s up?"

    scene norikointro13
    with dissolve

    w "“What’s up” is that I’m going to throw myself off of the roof of this building if you do not get this suspiciously smart but infinitely obnoxious girl out of my classroom {i}immediately.{/i}"
    w "I will literally pay you. I do not care. "
    w "I just can’t take it anymore."
    s "Are you going to say your catch phrase?"

    scene norikointro14
    with dissolve

    w "I...want...to...fucking...die..."

    play sound "slidedoor.mp3"
    scene norikointro15
    with dissolve

    q "Wakana! You can’t just walk away in the middle of a discussion!"

    "Why does this student know Ms. Watabe’s first name?"
    "Why does that make me jealous?"
    "Wait, what’s even going on right now?"

    q "You are our {i}teacher{/i}. If you are not here to {i}teach{/i}, then why bother-"

    scene norikointro16

    q "Getting a..."
    q "Job in..."
    q "Education..."
    s "…"
    q "…"
    s "...? "
    q "…"

    scene norikointro17
    with dissolve2
    play music "memories.mp3"

    q "Oh my god..."
    q "Oh my god..."
    q "Oh my god...you’re here..."
    q "You..."
    q "You..."
    q "When? "
    q "How long?"
    q "Why?"
    q "If I knew this is where you went...I...I..."
    s "…"
    s "I think you might have me confused with someone else."

    scene norikointro18
    with dissolve

    q "Absolutely not! No! I’ve..."
    q "I've looked...{i}everywhere{/i} for you!"
    q "Well, clearly not everywhere because you’re here and...and {i}I’m{/i} here and...and..."

    scene norikointro19
    with dissolve

    q "And..."
    q "..."
    q "I missed you so much..."
    q "So...{i}fucking{/i}...much..."
    s "..."
    q "Ever since you left, I’ve been looking online and asking my sister and..."

    scene norikointro20
    with dissolve

    q "You are extremely hard to find! You know that?!"
    q "Like, who doesn’t have social media nowadays?! I figured even {i}you{/i} would have caved by now, but-"

    scene norikointro21
    with dissolve

    q "But I guess it would make sense if you wanted to avoid us..."
    q "I mean, of course you wanted to get away from...everything that happened..."
    q "But I always thought that {i}I{/i} was special. "
    q "Because {i}you{/i}...you were special. To me."
    q "The most special thing in the world. "

    scene norikointro22
    with dissolve

    q "Holy shit."
    q "Can I hug you? "
    q "I’m gonna hug you."
    q "And I’m probably gonna cry a lot."
    q "But you have...no idea how much I’ve been looking forward to this..."
    w "…"
    s "…"
    w "This is actually quite touching."
    s "What is? I have no idea what's even going on."
    q "What’s going on is I’m going to squeeze the life out of you. "
    q "I deserve it after being as patient as I’ve been all these years."

    scene norikointro23
    with fade

    "The mysterious, pink-haired girl lunges forward and buries her face in my chest."
    "Within a matter of seconds, I can feel her tears seep through the fabric of my dress shirt."
    "She goes through short bursts every several seconds where she sobs uncontrollably."
    "Her fingers dig into my body with so much force that it feels doubtful she’ll ever even contemplate letting go."
    "This has to be someone Sensei knew before I took over and started ruining all of his relationships."
    "Or fixing them, depending on your ethical standpoint concerning power dynamics and how to use them to manipulate [teenage]girls."
    "If I had to take a guess, most people would probably consider that ruining them."
    "If I was the person I’m supposed to be- or if {i}he{/i} was the person {i}he{/i} was supposed to be instead of some memory floating out there in the ether-"
    "This would be a touching reunion."
    "Probably."
    "I don’t know the details of his relationship with this girl, but-"

    s "…"
    q "…"
    s "When was the last time we saw each other?"
    q "Almost three years ago."
    q "It was on a Thursday."
    q "But you disappeared once before that, too."
    q "I should have probably just moved on, but..."
    q "But I always knew I’d find you again if..."
    q "If I didn't give up..."

    "Huh."
    "There’s no easy way out of this situation, but..."
    "I guess I could play the amnesia card?"
    "That's been my ace in the hole so far, at least."
    "Ami already assumes something weird happened to my memory, but it hasn’t personally impacted her all that much, so I guess she just shrugs it off for the most part."
    "I mean, just telling whoever this is that I don’t remember her is sure to break her."
    "If she’s not already broken, that is."
    "But I guess we’re all a little broken at the end of the day."
    "Some more than others."
    "Some much, much more than others."

    s "There’s something you should probably know."

    scene norikointro24
    with dissolve

    q "There are a lot of things I should probably know. We’ve been out of touch for quite some time now."
    q "I really...really can’t believe this is happening."
    s "Neither can I, but..."
    q "...But what?"
    s "But that’s probably because...something happened to my memory."

    scene norikointro25
    with dissolve

    q "What, like...amnesia?"
    q "I hope that’s not just a convenient excuse to tell me you forgot about me."
    s "To me it’s more like...I never knew you in the first place."
    q "So..."
    q "You’re saying all of your memories of me are just totally gone?"
    s "Right..."
    s "And I know it might hurt you to hear that since you’ve been searching for so long but-"

    scene norikointro26
    with dissolve

    q "Not at all..."
    q "Nothing hurts anymore."
    q "If your memories are gone, I’ll just figure out a way to get them back."
    q "We’ll start fresh."
    q "I am kinda sad, though. I was hoping you’d comment on how tall I’ve gotten."

    if bonus == True:
        q "I finally had my growth spurt and I think I’ve gotten pretty damn cute, to tell you the truth."
        s "It’s kind of hard to judge that with you so close, but...yeah. I'd say you’re cute."
    else:
        q "Do you have any idea how much money it costs to have your legs surgically replaced with bigger legs? Because it's a fucking lot, Sensei."

    s "If we’re starting fresh, would you mind telling me your name?"
    q "You don’t even remember that much?"
    s "I...No."
    s "I’m sorry."
    q "You don’t ever have to apologize to me. I’ll be with you forever..."
    q "So long as you don’t run away again, of course."
    n "My name is Noriko Nakayama and I have been in love with you since I was six years old."

    if bonus == False:
        s "Ewwwwwwwwwwwwwwww!"

    w "Okay, this is suddenly much less touching. "
    c "{i}Nakayama?...{/i}"
    c "{i}...No. There's no way.{/i}"
    s "Uhh...that’s..."
    n "Obviously too young, I know that. But it doesn’t change how I’ve felt all of these years."
    n "And how I still feel now."
    n "Want to run away and get married?"
    w "Please at least finish the[school] day."
    s "Noriko, I-"

    scene norikointro27
    with dissolve

    s "…"
    s "Ami? Are you raising your hand right now?"
    a "Who is that?"
    n "Ami?..."
    n "Oh my god, like, {i}[niece]{/i} Ami?!"
    n "She’s so cute now!"
    a "Sensei, who is that?"
    s "Uhh...I still don’t really understand myself, but-"

    play sound "thump.mp3"
    scene norikointro28
    with hpunch

    "...!"

    a "…"
    a "Maya?..."

    scene norikointro29
    with dissolve

    m "…"
    n "…"
    s "…"
    n "Oh..."
    n "{i}Oh...{/i}"
    m "{size=-15}Why.{/size}"
    m "{size=-15}Why?{/size}"
    m "{size=-15}Why. Why. Why?{/size}"

    play sound "static.mp3"
    scene norikointro30
    with flash
    stop sound

    m "{size=+15}WHY ARE YOU HERE?!{/size}"

    if bonus == False:
        m "{size=+15}I AM DESTINED TO BE THE HUGGY GIRL! NOT YOU!{/size}"

    scene norikointro31
    with dissolve

    m "It’s..."
    m "It’s...because of that stupid fucking[school]."
    m "Isn't it?"
    m "That stupid...{b}FUCKING{/b}[school] that decided to {b}SINK{/b} and turn everything on its {b}GOD DAMN{/b}...{b}FUCKING HEAD!!!{/b}"

    "Something is wrong."

    n "..."

    scene norikointro32
    with dissolve

    m "Get out."
    m "Now."
    n "No. I’m not-"
    m "I wasn’t asking you. I was telling you."
    m "Get...the fuck...out of my classroom...you filthy...stalker...bitch..."

    if bonus == True:
        r "I don’t know if I’m turned on or terrified right now."
        f "Rin! Shh..."

    ay "Maya...calm down for a second and-"
    m "Get out."
    m "Get out get out get out."
    m "Get. The fuck. Out."
    n "…"
    m "…"
    m "Fine. Then {i}I’ll{/i} get out."

    scene black
    with dissolve

    "Maya leaves her desk and slowly brings herself to the front of the classroom, stopping in front of the door and staring directly at Noriko."

    scene norikointro33
    with dissolve

    m "…"
    n "…"
    s "Maya, is everything-"
    m "Stay out of this, Sensei."
    s "…"
    n "…"
    m "Are you planning on letting go of him any time soon?"
    n "Not a fucking chance."
    n "Never again."
    m "I see."
    m "You {i}did{/i} get taller, by the way."
    m "But that isn’t going to change anything."
    m "You were unwanted {i}then{/i}, and you are unwanted {i}now{/i}."
    m "No one will ever...in this timeline or others...{i}ever{/i} love you."

    "Timeline?...Then-"

    n "We’ll see about-"
    m "Burn in hell, you fucking cunt."

    play sound "slidedoor.mp3"
    scene norikointro34
    with dissolve

    w "…"
    s "…"
    n "…"
    w "Well, shit."

    scene norikointro35
    with dissolve

    n "I see that {i}her{/i} opinion of me hasn’t changed much."
    s "I’ve never seen her act that way before."
    n "Really? "
    n "Guess I’m just lucky, then."
    s "What in the world did you do to her?"
    n "I honestly don’t even remember, but...I don’t think I did anything?"

    scene norikointro36
    with dissolve

    n "It doesn’t matter, though."
    n "We’re finally back together."
    n "Even if you don’t really remember me."

    scene norikointro37
    with dissolve

    n "Oh! By the way, hi!"
    n "I’m Noriko and I’m pretty sure I just got kicked out of my last class, so I’ll be in here with you guys from now on."
    n "My interests include dismantling the patriarchy and eating so much ice cream in one sitting that I puke my brains out."
    n "And if you ever hear screams or weird voices or just...really loud noise in general coming from my room, that’s just my music."
    n "I promise I am not a serial killer and I’ve only been arrested like two times."
    ki "What the fuck, I like {i}her{/i} too."
    ki "Green haired girl, hang out with me and the pink one sometime."
    i "Oh, dear. That sounds absolutely lovely but I’m afraid I must decline."

    scene black
    with dissolve2

    "Noriko takes a seat in the back of the class after a few minutes and Wakana informs me that she’s filing for an “emergency transfer” effective immediately."
    "It seems that I’ll be taking care of Noriko from now on as well."
    "And as excited as I am to have yet another girl so willing to fawn all over me-"
    "I can’t stop thinking about Maya’s outburst and all of the negative connotations and implications it carries with it."
    "Ami tried to go home as well after that, but I convinced her to stay and reassured her that I really have no idea what Noriko was talking about."
    "She seemed a lot more nervous than I’ve ever seen her before."
    "Ayane, on the other hand, remained calm and composed, restoring order to the room in any way she could think of."
    "No one bothered saying a word to Noriko other than Kirin."
    "Proclaiming your love for me in front of everyone is probably not the best way to introduce yourself to this classroom."
    "I’m sure she’ll pay the price for that in the future."
    "………"
    "……"
    "…"
    "When[school] ends, I search for Maya."
    "I do not find her."
    "The day ends."

    $ renpy.end_replay()
    $ day269 = True
    $ noriko_love += 50
    stop music fadeout 10.0

    "{i}Surprise! Noriko’s affection for you is already [noriko_love]!{/i}"
    "………"
    "……"
    "…"

    if day >= 6:
        jump endofsat
    else:
        jump endofweekday

label day270:
...
```

## Code that triggers this event

File: (install folder)\game\script.rpy

Code:
```python
...
jump makotonew1
    if totaldays >= 56 and shrine5 == True and day56 == False:
        jump day56
    if totaldays >= 60 and ayanenew2 == True and ayanenew3 == False:
        jump ayanenew3
    if totaldays >= 63 and rindorm20 == True and day63 == False:
        jump day63
    if totaldays >= 64 and futabanew1 == True and day72 == True and futabanew2 == False:
        jump futabanew2
    if totaldays >= 65 and bar15 == True and cafe20 == True and day65 == False:
        jump day65
    if totaldays >= 68 and ayane_lust >= 5 and day68 == False:
        jump day68
    if totaldays >= 70 and bar10 == True and day70 == False:
        jump day70
    if totaldays >= 72 and day70 == True and day72 == False:
        jump day72
    if totaldays >= 77 and day77 == False:
        jump day77
    if totaldays >= 79 and day == 5 and chikadorm15 == True and day79 == False:
        jump day79
    if totaldays >= 83 and mikudorm10 == True and day83 == False:
        jump day83
    if totaldays >= 85 and streets10 == True and day85 == False:
        jump day85
    if totaldays >= 86 and futaba_lust >= 5 and day == 5 and day86 == False:
        jump day86
    if totaldays >= 89 and day65 == True and day89 == False:
        jump day89
    if totaldays >= 91 and day63 == True and day65 == True and day91 == False:
        jump day91
    if totaldays >= 96 and day == 1 and shrine15 == True and ayanenew1 == True and day96 == False:
        jump day96
    if totaldays >= 98 and ami_lust >= 5 and day98 == False:
        jump day98
    if totaldays >= 103 and day102 == True and day103 == False:
        jump day103
    if totaldays >= 110 and day103 == True and day110 == False:
        jump day110
    if totaldays >= 114 and day103 == True and bar20 == True and day114 == False:
        jump day114
    if totaldays >= 120 and day103 == True and day91 == True and day120 == False:
        jump day120
    if totaldays >= 121 and day85 == True and day103 == True and day121 == False:
        jump day121
    if totaldays >= 126 and day103 == True and streets15 == True and chikadorm15 == True and day126 == False:
        jump day126
    if totaldays >= 128 and day103 == True and day126 == True and day == 5 and day128 == False:
        jump day128
    if totaldays >= 138 and day103 == True and day130 == True and day85 == True and day138 == False:
        jump day138
    if totaldays >= 139 and chika_lust >= 5 and chikadorm20 == True and mall20 == True and chikadetention == True and day139 == False or chikadorm20 == True and mall20 == True and chika_lust >= 10 and day139 == False:
        jump day139
    if totaldays >= 140 and day138 == True and day140 == False:
        jump day140
    if totaldays >= 142 and amidorm15 == True and day140 == True and day142 == False:
        jump day142
    if totaldays >= 144 and day128 == True and day142 == True and day144 == False:
        jump day144
    if totaldays >= 150 and day144 == True and streets15 == True and cafe20 == True and soccer10 == True and day150 == False:
        jump day150
    if totaldays >= 153 and day150 == True and day153 == False:
        jump day153
    if totaldays >= 154 and day153 == True and day154 == False:
        jump day154
    if (totaldays >= 200 and day == 5 and beachvacation16 == True and chikainvite1 == True and harukadate1 == True and kaoridate1 == True and cafe25 == True and bar25 == True and mayadorm25 == True
    and mikudorm15 == True and streets25 == True and makotoinvite2 == True and makidate1 == True and rindorm35 == True and halloween1 == False):
        jump halloween1
    if totaldays >= 214 and makidate5 == True and halloween14 == True and makotodorm25 == True and mikudorm30 == True and amidorm25 == True and day == 1 and day214 == False:
        jump day214
    if totaldays >= 215 and day214 == True and day == 2 and day215 == False:
        jump day215
    if totaldays >= 216 and day215 == True and day == 3 and day216 == False:
        jump day216
    if totaldays >= 217 and day216 == True and day == 4 and day217 == False:
        jump day217
    if totaldays >= 218 and day217 == True and day == 5 and day218 == False:
        jump day218
    if totaldays >= 230 and makoto_lust >= 10 and christmas7 == True and makotolust10 == False:
        jump makotolust10
    if totaldays >= 237 and day == 1 and christmas7 == True and day237 == False:
        jump day237
    if totaldays >= 239 and day == 3 and day237 == True and day239 == False:
        jump day239
    if totaldays >= 240 and day == 4 and day239 == True and day240 == False:
        jump day240
    if totaldays >= 244 and day == 1 and day240 == True and day244 == False:
        jump day244
    if totaldays >= 246 and day == 3 and day244 == True and day246 == False:
        jump day246
    if totaldays >= 247 and day == 4 and day246 == True and day247 == False:
        jump day247
    if totaldays >= 261 and day == 3 and day247 == True and kirininvite2 == True and bar35 == True and day261 == False:
        jump day261
    if totaldays >= 263 and day == 5 and day261 == True and day263 == False:
        jump day263
    if totaldays >= 264 and day == 1 and day263 == True and day264 == False:
        jump day264
    if totaldays >= 269 and day == 3 and day264 == True and day269 == False:
        jump day269
...
```